GRID REMIX: LORD OF THE RINGS
An algorithmic novel by Jeff Thompson, created for National Novel Generation Month 2013

Word count = 50000, allow word repetition = false, chance of a new chapter = 2.0%, chance of new paragraph = 1.0%, chance of a comma = 3.0%, chance of a period = 10.0%, chance of question mark = 0.1%


CHAPTER 1 (198, 147)

Oddities that oddities. Past and very and secret and secret. And, very buch' since buch' since finished. Disappointed. Not disappointed exceedingly gate hobbits for the to the give the postman. The give. The for the postman hoping postman presents postman.

His to his to mainly to adding due was watched was shire they watched they.

Shire enough likely enough likely nasty tales the live from information and live here rivendell. From made copy information from information copy began the set down set the set but, set the preparations the preparations the made of made copy information copy began bilbo. Set but luminous pale themselves trolls themselves a that to thus is. Thus. Hobbits thus hobbits thus is but all an all but hobbits. Of the would find. Them three elftowers exceedingly in the old of heard the blind the time of old the in the old the old hobbits immemorial and bows and immemorial hobbits delighted inn the king of in delighted age arrows age were age delighted hobbits dull of dull. Hobbits dull of bows with elftowers with bows with only three elftowers of elftowers exceedingly in exceedingly them exceedingly elftowers three only three them found be found. In exceedingly dull of bows with elftowers of elftowers exceedingly them, three shire. Three shire find. Them found in the dull of elftowers exceedingly in. Exceedingly dull the dull of dull of immemorial age. Immemorial age were if arrows if were. If were, if marshes the marshes their while their as weathertop. Fact lived quietly lived fact lived quietly the quietly the own. The own in the in own. The own their as well as well as well as far as far as well as well to, and immemorial age arrows and arrows if arrows the to. Well as the marshes if arrows the to. Moors to and to. And, to. The marshes if arrows and, bows moors northern moors northern. Moors as far as well to well to moors to the as weathertop as well as well to the to moors northern own as, far as hobbits. Had this I this had far as far as hobbits had this an in as weathertop fact lived. Fact in. Fact lived have lived quietly the quietly developed have developed. Have they an they. Fact they fact they fact weathertop as their marshes if arrows the arrows the to and to and to the as weathertop as far as moors, as moors bows with elftowers with northern the northern with. Elftowers exceedingly elftowers three them find shire the would hobbits of the mark the shire not shire the mark fifty and bridge and few a kept they kept. A few and the at, sure brandywine kept they kept they yet to yet they. Yet they yet lune, to far to lune to belfalas the far, downs. Were. They and book small home. Wild kind with would reward a he boat small boat he would, he. Would reward occurred reward would he. Boat with kind great or great kind. With his great or small did feet flat large his not. His great folk wild of the a the a are. A are to are to the stretched the bow the west the bow for they and in and in were in in in and west.

Small. Home wild home small. Book in themselves, of, themselves in themselves and places and themselves other keeneyed and keeneyed to. Keeneyed other in in themselves and themselves of the an is as is, as trolls that trolls that they nuisance. Nuisance they that a that to. Would to that. To would the would to, would find would the mark the mark the would hobbits. Thus. Is as make as make themselves trolls thus. Is thus trolls. That. To would.

Find them exceedingly in. Exceedingly. Dull hobbits old hobbits delighted hobbits immemorial hobbits old the old inn. Delighted hobbits. Old of heard. The, dull exceedingly elftowers. Three. Only three shire find them found in not at nuisance eyes luminous but set the began copy began, baggins began the began copy began bilbo set but set but set bilbo. Began the, preparations for, preparations the set bilbo account, bilbo began bilbo account all account bilbo all pale with. Make as trolls.

That they. That to that trolls. Thus hobbits but. Hobbits thus to be find shire not only not only three elftowers three. Shire. The mark not from of over eriador as own their own as eriador as own as own as eriador, as far as far as well as well as, weathertop as in an in fact. They. An have an in as far as own their of their own, their of from the northern the their of from the, from. Of words roamed over clear over clear is it is come blundering by be applicability varied that fails of all years book book darkness the calendars the is it of the of it of it please it please to. The years, the of fails to please the I. The I because and because to applicability be may varied applicability be because be by and by and by and because I the to because and by and hobbits as own their eriador, their, of their of their own as eriador, that by be because I because I, because to the please the I have I this. An they. Fact they fact in had far as far had far. As far as own as far had hobbits that clear is clear blundering by blundering. Come blundering may blundering clear that clear that by that clear blundering clear. Is come meet to. Wish been passed been have to history enjoyed have reached have prefer much who yet reached have, prefer. Have, reached. D reached, the enjoyed have prefer much. I presence its enquiries and, presence and enquiries when seldom appear in lived in the in lived.

Of the sea stretched sea from from from from bow from. Bow for. West and they far they for west for the from from sea. From foothills the foothills the foothills the sea from foothills the seldom appear in lived of coasts the and in disappearing in. History times all the woods. Woods and about and vineyards still could at could. Cornlands. Farms many at need farms need could at the end. That still handle time handle arms they shot grey book through fro through. The yet fro and fro through book through book through the yet the yet fro red the and grass and the of end passed covered were still the at that time that time of the at time of end the at.

Trees dwelt they and at need could. Cornlands farms many had. Once kings once bay. And had and had once had at had. Once had and at need still dwelt trees. At.

Still at the end the at. Could. Need at and bay at middleearth.

At bay and at many at need farms need, at and at dwelt trees genealogical the and they genealogical the wizards or wizards rangers wizards ruins wizards or genealogical the of middleearth forsaken doughty forsaken doughty were. The there and tilled that lived that tilled that nothing well tilled through current. Through current well tilled through current through all woodlands.

Time vanished woodlands. Woodlands vanished woodlands vanished woodlands all woodlands of woodlands vanished that of, and current was current well tilled and lived had kindred high the high, the high kindred that, tilled well nothing that nothing high kindred that tilled and tilled through. Tilled through all and lived. Had. Lived had which had, which these such and, dwarves and thousand. Rather island he there water dark right by the in his by the light for farthing no been. In. Been no the important the recent king for nearly for inside for farthing the farthing the in the in the by the by his by he red pocket, red the of his in. His already. Was already was it not lake cold a of twelve of a knew bilbo lay tunnel the of he of which bilbo. Won had. He of which of the shire the shire the of he secured, by a won bilbo won a won the knew a lay a lay tunnel which, had won the knew the, knew bilbo lay bilbo lay twelve the twelve of shire the important more men in their in their in, though in, important in. Their slow to slow they entered.

It quarrel to slow to slow their in though in though, when. The speech deserted speech. Slimmer and forgotten, only. The westron the when they westron the others the others the westron they entered they entered as it they were they others. The do, not. Do the elves they elves they were they others they elves they it. Was named had for elves important more in. Spread in the no the no the recent king no been in the no the, no been no farthing for light and light the farthing, no been no. King recent centuries recent the important elves. The and it was were still elves still preserve lovers named lovers named had it. And it and it and, quarrel, to slow to. Entered they entered as, entered. To entered they, entered to slow though faces though in their youth their slow their in their members important more the of men more smoking more. Men of wellfed their wellfed faces deserted when though in though when they westron the speech slimmer than the speech, the speech deserted when though faces, though when. Deserted faces though slow. Though in important members of youth of weed of the of youth their, slow though faces wellfed been common. Speech the when the when.

The speech common and slimmer and lost. To text to inclined are in the text to be have be and slimmer and forgotten and lost now inclined to lost and be have.

Like who like. Allegory cause and teacher. That teacher that in that. Often the in notes teacher and learner no like allegory like no like allegory been corrected or to teacher and teacher and learner the last and learner no learner and learner and learner the learner no learner the last and cause allegory or to teacher that in notes chapter. That chapter notes teacher, to or allegory. Been have been corrected or to or corrected and fat be have text who those who text the in are are are they that, are are in the inclined to lost to inclined to inclined the those of and of views. Or still remained still or still remained they that they though they. Remained in the text. To, lost, and common been common the common speech, deserted speech common and slimmer. And taller the common the common the common been long their. And their teachers. The elves the and their wellfed been deserted when.

The than the, than the speech deserted when the when though in though faces though faces deserted been common the long had and their long the after had long had it ever they that days. And days. That they ever spoke though their though spoke and hair. And spoke ever it had after had it though spoke and hair of hair and days and days elder and that tastes absurd and neglect not iii durin's 5 a 5 a 5? A more. To conspiracy conspiracy to conspiracy. Unmasked go and place and place just ride and beer and supper and beer. In he on he found the found and of and found and found he on he and place. Just i'll of fond so way so fond of i'll of boats of fond I dark a, guess all. They point about funny something there's thought, there's merry farthings except there's except farthings four the four farthings merry they thought there's except you and end and you. Bag. Merry bag you except farthings four.

Said short they came guests the guests plain as plain as you, shire you had you me you shire visit' to the 'it yard advancing. Hoofs when hoofs home ourselves' said ourselves' home. Of, talk' of home ourselves'. Said merry there's thought. There'S except in one. Funny about dimly guess. A, guess dimly guess all guess all about all they were. This were they were way pleasant a pleasant way pleasant comfortable so comfortable so. Comfortable welcoming comfortable so way your a pleasant comfortable about supper about supper welcoming i'll so fond so comfortable so fond so i'll welcoming comfortable pleasant a was it pippin it end it pippin one point one funny could threw could dimly about dimly guess packs their. Packs guess, a guess dimly their threw could they they they thought they something. There'S merry said merry farthings right at at been had on high on leaped and leaped and leaped they leaped they as can hobbits of talk' can as and him. For him and as can hobbits get hobbits get home of talk' of hobbits other hobbits. Can we then. The from different from the then.

We then and then. As then and then as nearly as a come 3 come for. Come 3 three.

A period book period a the book period book. The book period in which which in. Which I. Had I had rate any at or book. Or in. in period period period in in period is is three 3 three 3 chapter arwen. arwen which ii which. I had I ii the 4 out 4 out 4. Chapter company. To him and fountain possible as and him for come a as nearly imitated had as nearly and indoors different indoors as had time past the aragorn the past time the 'but pippin said lot a that. Appeared it him with do as chapter the chapter as a 5 a as a 5 chapter. though. Chapter rising were it rising was rising were clopclop the chapter 5. Nearly of i'll tell fact a fact they conspiracy them the got. On a of fact a on nearly of fact tell. New a that very chapter part chapter party a follows a, party longexpected follows. Went on went on went follows here a frodo frodo from frodo of sharply from sharply him reminded him, from sharply. Him. Horses, him sharply. From sharply from. Sharply to sharply to do as though as though to do as do to do of him in. Him of do to horses to horses to, do to though as do with it' in. Their i'll it' with him.

In appeared in. Appeared it has longexpected a longexpected party a part a follows a party been appeared that very that. Their. I'Ll it'. In appeared that appeared in. It' in their new their new a lot selling of pippin said lot selling of pippin's of pippin's were let's were pippin's 'but pippin's. Were let's get arranged get let's were arranged get. Let'S later were not. Were they you selling. Were pippin's were were let's were later. Let'S not were later of pippin's of pippin's bath the 'but. Pippin of lot said the said, the the of intervals often. Inevitably was inevitably. Hatred, in was on went. Here 1 1 a here. The held hobbits guide was in is rings as rings as things as men their feet. Their feet their build. Their at were at rough survive could survive rough handling, the craft of craft by grief by time the at the at their in their build their turn the, turn the time long time the turn their in their at were 115860, dearth 115860. Had 115860 had who dnedain who. Dearth and dearth 115860 dearth, who broader were stoors were broader heavier broader who broader who.

Broader, heavier, in build their men as men did feet and feet did men as they as men as build their build in build in in. Were in their in, were survive could is. Could survive probable that is important, to craft to important the craft by grief by grief by grief. By time the turn long feet and before long before and hands learned this foe this tale. This tale the were the art. From. The they preferred can preferred they. And they is can no flat preferred flat no longer are and no can. Dismay the and with, dismay. With dismay the dismay. The have survived. The read the survived. Even. As or at slaves as been taken hard discovered, hard discovered.

Be discovered riversides and riversides the also they forgot whatever the them the plenty the whatever the them.

Well them well them the them hobbits the know plenty know the but not did accustomed did who those again those again had again. Those. In those and, those and lands longer are and opportunity the opportunity and opportunity. Survived the read 1949 a 1949. Read the a period book or at or book period period. In or as even has are becoming hard to the discovered. Hard. Discovered the the also. They to they forgot. Whatever fairer were of were fallohides were fairer of lies hobbits fairer were fallohides beginning? Of were forgot were fairer were fairer whatever the whatever the plenty the plenty the them well. And was they was land well and well land the, plenty. Forgot they fallohides they forgot they forgot were of hobbits are they it a, it. A it a could reviewed. Could a number be devised have I that, eorl cut to. Cut to have to have been have been. The door given chapter 5 a conspiracy unmasked chapter. Follows one follows one follows here unmasked. Here. Unmasked chapter 6 the old the of a of the of one as interests other contemptible other contemptible views or still or still or tastes or still that inconsistencies the tastes that, inconsistencies that and elder days and hair, and days that they and spoke and spoke and, days that they and hair and spoke though it ever they that are are they are in of and of in the those who text who those who those the inclined the in of those the inclined to inclined are they are they are. They though days, and days and, days elder the sharpeyed and though and elder days that days that. Days that are now inclined are in remained still or tastes absurd or or or many and many other contemptible and interests as interests as interests and interests other interests as a of one as interests and interests and contemptible other. Contemptible and contemptible other many or or still that and though and elder hair. Of hair and they that they that are now. Lost and lost now are were are. Are in remained they though still or or or or or tastes or views of those the in the inclined to text to text the in. The inclined are are that days and spoke though it bellies their bellies their though it ever it had long the after ever it. Bellies it ever after ever they. Ever. They ever they were after were they ever. Spoke.

Though. And and hair elder days though they though days that they that days that they that they though still remained still that inconsistencies that still though still though they are, in remained still that tastes or tastes. That. And sharpeyed and sharpeyed and in, back and skin. They had rich was they skin far of quick are quick of far lies. Of skin of fairer hobbits fairer of fairer, were fallohides, were forgot plenty forgot were forgot they fallohides they also days also the also days riversides discovered be becoming. Are becoming be and be becoming be becoming hard, discovered. Hard taken been has opportunity and dismay and dismay can no flat no can no flat and in those and lands in those and riversides and those in lands in. Had astonished derived was. Beside way the elves preferred elves preferred elves preferred can is with dismay with dismay the opportunity. Has. Even has even survived the survived the read have long have long not who have who have. Long have long not edition not.

Who not long not would, they fault they fault some who have long not long.

Not long. Have the have survived the survived the a 1949 read 1949 a the book period in, in in, or in or at or book period a a the a arwen. a 1949 read 1949. Arwen 1949 read have long. Have read 1949 to and past chapter has imitated. Has chapter 3 come has time past time has come. A come for come 3 a the book. Period book.

Or book period a, 1949 to 1936. Aragorn and aragorn, the aragorn 1936 who 1936 to 1949 to 1936 who 1936 who have who have read. The read have. The have survived even book even survived. The read have read. The book period book or as even has opportunity and no and opportunity, the opportunity the and with is relationship, us edition not long and long have read have survived. The survived have survived have read the book or in which. In which in or in in in or at which at which I which. In period a the survived opportunity the dismay with and with us with us with dismay. The and long have read have the have long. Have who have to 1936 to 1936 to 1949 a 3 come 3 chapter 3 three 3 come for three for, come for him and as and as can? As can. Talk' they as can talk'. the of home ourselves'. Home get better other better the advancing. Hoofs. When hoofs stopped hoofs. Stopped short stopped the guests short said short stopped the guests came guests the as plain as plain guests plain as came they came out my go my out my as my out thought out. My. Go back. You so go better had. You as plain as came as came as came guests. Short. They thought out.

Came as came as plain guests short, said ourselves' the ourselves' said ourselves' said ourselves'. Said ourselves' said. Ourselves' home hoofs stopped. Short said four the of talk' can talk' of talk'. Can. We can. As can, as possible as possible we can we then the from different very. 'hallo 'hallo ready it was it was called 'now different. Very. Get let's get arranged as had. As had as indoors as indoors as had bath arranged were later of lot selling new their i'll. Their new a that their new a close', a close'. Said. Pippin of pippin's 'but.

Of of aragorn, the past the of of aragorn 1936 who 1936 who. Some years some. Would new edition. And the have the and, with. Us. Avoid us with and, long and edition us relationship. Is they. The they preferred flat preferred they and larger our. Larger were larger were exactly they exactly they avoid new, avoid us with dismay can is, can preferred they preferred elves.

The from and relationship.

Our relationship us relationship and relationship our relationship our larger and relationship us avoid new. Would. New avoid our exactly were the learned this. Of before and feet did but and us did us did. Men their feet and hands what but. And us and, now they avoid us edition and edition new edition and the dismay and dismay with is relationship us avoid they. A in a they, fault they, fault some would new a they a in issued in issued in. Issued now issued and contempt in, issued in issued in now what. Exactly they. Now what exactly they, a new. A they now they. Avoid new edition and long have long have read. The a period a the read have, long not edition and the opportunity survived have survived opportunity the dismay and opportunity and opportunity the opportunity has opportunity and are becoming be becoming are becoming be and be longer no. Longer be discovered riversides and be longer are. Becoming hard taken hard taken been taken slaves taken been becoming hard, becoming are becoming be longer are longer no can preferred flat lands, flat no flat lands flat lands flat and in had in and elves the and past and past. From and relationship and larger our. Larger were hands and feet their, men as they as they call us call is in hatred now us did feet. And but what exactly were exactly what exactly what now they now they a they would some years. Some. Who. Some who not would. New would not. Edition new. Avoid us with us.

With is. With is with and edition and with dismay can no flat preferred elves and in those, days. Become, again become days also they fallohides.

They. To. They also.

Accustomed become again. Had. Again those from those astonished had in those days also days also accustomed. Also days also they also accustomed become accustomed to plenty forgot were fairer of skin far back and skin they was. They was they skin they had and back far lies quick lies far of, far back and skin of lies far lies of fairer were fairer whatever forgot whatever the them know them well and looked no further. No and used. And used had they was rich had they had and back, hearing. Of far. Back in and hearing errors and and sharpeyed inconsistencies and and and and sharpeyed inconsistencies, and and in back and had. Used also of hair of also. And also and back in.

And hearing back and back in and hearing back. Hearing and hearing errors of errors hearing and sharpeyed inconsistencies sharpeyed and elder the sharpeyed and elder days elder and though they though and sharpeyed inconsistencies. And errors hearing and in the, sharpeyed and hearing of hearing of of of hearing of quick lies of languages whatever, forgot they fallohides beginning. Of they of hobbits of were forgot they forgot plenty forgot plenty to. Plenty the them well and well them know plenty to not but dnedain would be likely, think would. Think I is ancient more the was the to down on. Haywards of remained rather remained this case this in there in there in to other crafts. Other many weather many other many weather in a in other, crafts beside was that hobbits the and the and past from the from. Past from the elves the from and from art. From and relationship our avoid us. Relationship our exactly, what but did feet and before of grief by grief of this learned hands learned, the were hands what now what hands what. Hands learned the tale the art the learned this. Learned this tale. Long past and a way beside way that hobbits that was, that astonished derived was derived astonished. Those. From those astonished had again those again those days. Become again those, in lands in and in lands flat lands in and elves preferred flat lands in and in those days, those, days also days those and lands and be becoming be discovered riversides. And riversides and those again. Those again had astonished derived astonished. That way the and a way beside crafts. Beside and whom crafts a in a crafts. Whom crafts other many weather or weather or foe or tale or as or as building of craft to important to refer to refer to important is important the that probable is could 115860 dearth. And it and dearth who. Broader the much were stoors disliked and the stoors the stoors were dnedain. Of dnedain of days the, dnedain of days of them of them without. Days the of the, of the stoors. The and liked and a as named. As were they were they was he, was, not was not were.

Own were. Not. Of not named. As named middleearth. What composition what composition the, for the for. Feelings own my own my long a. Records a only. A a only a wait isildur shire records. records shire the of the shire. Sound shire sound sound there many there of, many home. Like my the on. The on note. Heard note the they but they had guide I guide I had wait isildur wait had wait. Had I which I guide with had miller own with had a black, a black a tools the languages even tools a had a had. Miller own.


CHAPTER 2

A own a own miller had miller own a they but as his as them move deeply eventually got move. Deeply great deeply or a made miller made. Have. Young have young the a watermill elves than us than and than a the would he would have made them or a great ring move ring father his. But a or, a handloom than dwarves though father. The old. Were they. Of dwarves bootless days bootless dwarves of dwarves of their doubtless the doubtless that hands that long. The long fond long fond unwearyingly the of so of so unwearyingly so southaway reckoned the first actual smokers. A smokers relationships still had, many, peculiar names.

And strange words. Not elaborate not elaborate familytrees found not elaborate and long drew claim greedy but of course put. Course put held. Sacred it in it no it sacred and of his of old all old of island he to he to lent island his he dragonhoard fa dragonhoard he. Lent he. Dragonhoard from it fetch, it. Fetch to. Fetch from sr in completed and of the of and of and peregrin mainly copies or summaries admirers among admirers among of histories or fa. 1592. Sr of sr. 1592, histories or histories the histories or legends 172 he his and sacred held it held it the dragonhoard fa or legends. Relating legends or hobbits of of the for me brim of his you cause the and you cause the cause you and the of of poor. Of hobbits or histories. The among of sr in completed the completed in completed the dwarves in sr 1592 fa dragonhoard fa dragonhoard from it from his from it held were held sacred from dragonhoard the from dwarves to dwarves the of the, dwarves in summaries or devoted admirers him' asked looking without looking better are out are potatoes and that I laugh will. Bushy will into one practically into, practically I practically I. Practically everybody living. Said out beyond better beyond the brim of head of brim. Me and of brim me for better looking further looking without looking asked old noakes hobbits. Noakes for the and you his of head a of coloured of coloured.

Fires refuse to refuse to horns pipes and besides and besides that. Rose and by and by accident by said, bilbo said see' overlooked. Were that rose overlooked.

Were overlooked by overlooked by said by said see' overlooked were overlooked were that. Besides and flutes their besides. And flutes their flutes is had is. Flutes and other and also is flutes and flutes is had is. Flutes and pipes. pipes. Refuse fires few were that were few fires few fires coloured fires that fires few 'we hat small go small hat don't. You his. Of his you. His you cause the for me and the for the cause bywater of noakes for noakes for me and you don't go don't go don't go don't hat small hobbitchildren ran after ran, hobbitchildren ran mixed up in up mixed ran said by overlooked rose and rose overlooked rose that. Fires few 'we very head his brim the beyond, gandalf beyond out.

Are potatoes still potatoes are out are better beyond the beyond the shaking was shaking his brim. His shaking was shaking the shaking his head head a very. Coloured to refuse besides that were shall. Small hobbitchildren, getting mixed getting anyway, trouble. Is 'baggins bywater cause you cause. Bywater poor of hobbits. The old asked among. Of histories. 1592. The 1592 the from dwarves the completed in dwarves from sr in summaries in completed and peregrin and of the dwarves the completed or summaries, of among the histories the histories 1592 histories the old noakes. Old the histories the among the, among admirers devoted many had, that frodo this. About sackvillebagginses and this frodo this about this about what the by the course the course written by the sackvillebagginses the what about what the what 'but. Of 'but, are quite. I says white long white says to says to says tricky enough to him ' bushy ' cabbages. That that lives that frodo he had mainly had mainly, had. He. Gondor mainly peregrin mainly gondor of greatgrandson of peregrin gift of the dwarves to fetch were. Held were fetch were. Promises. Were held sacred it put course put he, put held. Were he tunnel. He tunnel a tunnel promises tunnel he of but contented and to and to and moderate uniforms in uniforms such things that estates that estates being things that so such things being. Quite.

Unknown. Workshops and small trades small and of with. Hobbits with hobbits it hobbits.

The small a small. A only. Unknown, only like mere things gone things wickedest was, wickedest was gone. Michel findegil note this note this to the michel gone things mere a small. A mere a mere. Things wickedest. Was treasure to the was treasure the museum appended scribe southern scribe a scribe southern its 172 its southern to. A to he old of his of and his from sacred it in and of his such his such, his. Such things pocket it being.

Estates farms estates that so moderate so that estates. Before estates before estates before everything innumerable everything done, everything before branches the branches the branches the do it. In.

It do the shire in the before branches the in the shire. them and dearth who. Broader who had who dearth and them of them.

It them of them without do. The, do the, do the, branches innumerable everything before estates being, estates that everything before everything that so.


CHAPTER 3

Such things such, his such things pocket. Old of island he island lent he dragonhoard he his and of island lent its southern to lent to he found all but all old pocket old.

Of island lent he his and sacred from it from dragonhoard he 172 fa dragonhoard the from sr in dwarves in completed in sr of summaries in dwarves to promises to promises to promises were promises tunnel had they a they not and not they had greedy not. They claim drew they. Names least because least names they drew. And, names peculiar many things many had still, had with had many had good. Things many great the pipeweed. Care they care. They care great care great care they names peculiar.

Not things not things the and winter. The winter long. Winter and good of good of still of still had good of fond of winter long winter the winter of good things not famine their learned hobbits the, winter of still of winter of still of fond they fond they and they still relationships their actual their actual. Smokers actual their they. And they and unwearyingly, fond of good and winter and good things good had many great the of the pipeweed and, possessed. They generous and not they. Possessed. And generous the great the, of smokers. Of rule generous they that equivalent a rule a smokers a equivalent on equivalent that. Rule that rule a equivalent a equivalent. That the that rule generous. Rule a smokers of smokers of rule that the that they that equivalent on prove might.

Prove false the on lying nearest equivalent on. Lying on prove game. The won he slimy he won he. If that this slimy a ring creature ring lying nearest? Lying might the might the won of won the game mail game the might prove false.

Even floor even. Floor. The that equivalent nearest. Lying on the that they generous and not they not greedy claim drew claim drew long of long drew claim greedy claim they claim drew long drew they drew long of but contented but contented but of had greedy not they possessed and pipeweed. The generous the of smokers relationships their they and up reckoned the they the they the reckoned up and unwearyingly fond unwearyingly fond they fond they. Their relationships still. Relationships. Smokers relationships, with great the pipeweed and generous rule of the generous and not they they care pipeweed the of rule of with of, with great, the great with relationships smokers actual their relationships with had many had still relationships their they and they. And unwearyingly the unwearyingly the long the long the, doubtless. Days doubtless days early disaster early days of the doubtless the long. Winter long winter the hobbits and hobbits learned their neat and nimble and letters their. Letters and nimble and after. And began it, followed that famine that followed it began and nimble men after and began and began it followed it began and they and nimble and letters their learned hobbits the hobbits. Feet and the winter long winter and good of good and good. And hobbits the and hands. That the hobbits and winter, of good things many peculiar not famine. The things many things the famine the things.

Not peculiar. Care pipeweed they claim of but of course. And long, of course contented but greedy not they not and not they not. They pipeweed the of rule a smokers actual smokers actual. First the they the they. The been the reckoned the they. Were first actual smokers actual smokers relationships with had many had, still of still, relationships. Smokers of with relationships still had still of fond of fond unwearyingly so perhaps disaster the until they shire they. Until. 37 sr 37 and they were the disaster the these early days. Doubtless. The of the doubtless their doubtless. That the and they.

Skilful miller old the old the of them it them of the father his great a but miller made have made have made miller but a made have. Excite, them made them or hobbits about information about, exile finding of black that finding the in exile more for in exile in for more, for in realms in exile of the about hobbits about them. Or hobbits about hobbits eventually deeply move them as but it but they had guide had heirs the and but and but and. And arnor eriador, the, on sweet shape sweet. Sweet bridge brandywine. Yesterday'. So sound cartload last. Cartload yesterday' brandywine between as they. As and out lanterns as between brandywine bridge. Stock, and and rushey and dwindled to, the into the to dwindled to went they went. They went they went and out lanterns his round his round his the farmers between. Farmers between brandywine to farmers lanterns as they went they as and out lanterns out lanterns out, fare, out and out lanterns as and went. They stock between farmers to farmers to north, the, north miles north to brandywine. Between stock. And rushey and stock between brandywine bridge and dwindled, and stock between stock bridge. Brandywine bridge bridge and stock.

And dwindled into the by the farmer's the farmer's. The, fire the farmer's the by lay want lay by lay. To went and out fare. Out fare mr bilbo shiver bilbo the bilbo the dogs went they went and the and the dogs lay. Want, they. Want news. Back but. Of' 'maybe you're. Not, mug a down call or a half after. call. A folk all. Folk down call.

Or after or call a was, all after, but after but frodo from frodo from side to side. Do is country to do is country 'the country were' frodo looked frodo rough is rough frodo were' country. To do to from to. From. And from and said frodo but after 'it side 'it after, 'it frodo from frodo from side to side 'it was a call.

Or a are.

Near a at a near signal an grimly are grimly smiling there rather startled. Explain to rather there and there smiling there smiling pippin said. Check' round check' round looked round check' 'first, rough round rough is were'. It 'the country is frodo rough 'first.

Do 'first. Do side 'it side to, side check' said. Check' round rough frodo gildor would looked at here and here at have refused. Shall I find. Explain it'. Explain, it' courage' your means find explain startled half bogs are startled half startled are grimly an grimly grimly, hour an half a or call side. To 'first check' round rough round. Check' side to was. 'It frodo 'it was all changing from a down a from folk a call call or call call or here are near are a signal. An grimly sam and bogs half startled are there smiling pippin smiling there smiling half smiling pippin and there rather to refused. Shall where 'but would gildor would. 'But not said halls. If gildor. If hand at hand. A elbereth a while, ere while the lane clear. Elbereth while a elbereth o gilthoniel. now now rising now only now only now only only now are, trees woven frodo crept frodo while frodo while it. Present the present where present if he if is frodo crept back suppersong or suppersong or a back a back crept trees crept trees woven trees a only now trees are too woven trees woven frodo while of we of world. Of woven frodo. While it hobbits the present it, is. A you want from the of step of the of one above where he if he if you if is it present it present if you. Want suppersong a crept a is a is. If you a crept back a few. A back suppersong want suppersong back suppersong a crept back, only tarrying. Only gilthoniel a back a few yards towards the lane clear are it lane clear ere while ere we return.


CHAPTER 4

We. Return thy showed a showed it hummed a hummed a are rider. Are rider a rider are what meanwhile what meanwhile hobbits meanwhile here this the these but towards but in the in but these. Hobbits hummed a are we comes unless horse there the next the up and heart farewell opening gate bagshot row one on one on one. Walking.

For voice for voice was a his already had to had. To. Sold to. Sold walking strenuous not sold not help. He rate you. Autumn elves am and am I. Dark.

Not. Dark and dark. Not. Dark I dark not prove and the rate you rate the autumn the autumn, you autumn the autumn on. Are you autumn you are already had to. Sold he help merry's had not help not. Strenuous walking one on to 'i of heart the road keep road and heart farewell heart farewell opening gate in. Farewell in gate. In hand a waved. Came to end the came waved a still a waved a waved. Were still under the under you if you the you if and if and road. And it dived if and if round that hobbiton that this here corner here meanwhile what meanwhile hobbits these the meanwhile hobbits hummed hobbits lane hobbits lane, the these. The these the this the this. That hobbiton from hobbiton from it's from.

It'S from want from the from comes you, if present the present it is a crept, frodo woven frodo is a you comes he where present. If you if present the present it present where know where present if, you if is it is frodo crept, back suppersong back. Suppersong back, a few a back gilthoniel few a few yards o gilthoniel. Tarrying here a elbereth towards elbereth towards elbereth. While a while while at ever 'but I 'but I you. Are our, are you. I 'but. I. Already know your means. Your courage' your means your courage' asked courage' asked frodo will pursuers will assail will frodo. 'That assail will little and little. At home and little a know a guests. Turned. Aside the and the over return thy eyes, over the great sea great sea the from the from home from aside from the from home from the path.

The we home at guests turned elves. The last at ever you last the are. The elves our know your means already I 'but by know by know not said frodo' our halls if ever you. Are our elves return we return we return we are clear clear. Are, it are it are. We return we are clear ere? Clear lane hobbits these hobbits these. Hobbits hummed. Hobbits these the in that hobbiton. Hobbiton that round and it, they it and round if round the you the round and it. Where it they it where stream the road. The road where road the stream. Yet danger. Yet for yet for where it they and waved were still in still in hand in the don't the don't the under you under dived if dived if you under the road. The in gate, bagshot of bagshot row strenuous walking one on to voice. One voice. Was a was a his to his. To his new chosen new chosen already his to had already had already, chosen new home. By home and ready for, ready not ready for that for. Bought and home and bought. And, bought a that birthday'. I couldn't ring will not be able sunlit able sunlit to sunlit the sunlit the sunlit garden 'or it' not it' 'or it', destroy why mean why destroy why destroy.

It' cried destroy not why 'but 'but why 'but you 'but to 'but you do 'alas mordor you mordor I I it I mordor draws think. I mordor, draws mordor 'alas do you do you do wish 'but to sunlit the wish to 'but 'but why mean why mean to not destroy. Not. Destroy say wicked things wicked all wicked say that it as, you say the elves power was power dark power was came was came. And power and good and power. Elves the and you say to. Say to say the, say to have it have. Been let have was power and came was came friends. And wizard. Sharply handing sharply very strong very strong they I. 'But.

Sharply handing frodo. Handing of handing sharply handing frodo 'though it, handing of said and thieving plants growing growing 'it. All decide and bright mark. You. All and stretched and thin 'and all and to away been had ever had been dared ever uneasy I he party he had they say and of settle looking settle he'll was he'll half he'll was he'll perhaps, I week alone perhaps he'll settle he'll settle. Of and deafest and of and deafest the they do they do they the party the they the they the they the party. Than and waited hitherto hitherto hitherto 'and. Mark 'and thin 'and, thin ever had. They had he party do deafest the they the powerful restless getting restless I waited, and waited shone shone they script is script hitherto that flowing. That and that, hitherto script is stretching out stretching he. Burrowed. Out not. Out stretching, is not out not out not.

Out to out stretching fingers dark but times but times but times but dark but dark already times of times of 'i gandalf replied gandalf.

I believe a believe a believe.

Watched was far is three years three are. Elves that, elves ordinary day' one. Myself ears tell. That of ears of that tell ears myself, ears the reached. I'Ve reached course 'and. Course reached course 'and of 'and reappeared. 'And course cross shall I 'perhaps himself.

Of, little say never have bounders it it was just. Was it the had no name to began blame up blame. 'At was blame, the up got end untimely, an into came into came all came hardly came. Into these but the, at these at back all came hardly an present' he.

Out he present' and hole the hole and, present' he untimely. He got up., up up. hill' up blame began blame. Was to name. Never just never just. Was have. Never, say to himself to say. To little of all 'perhaps gandalf I shall 'if shall cross the reached the ears of that. Absence long the of it uneasily replied. Uneasily but truth' the to form. The see such. See, he if he he dived he they relations. His. All roots all even or by or slip, or orc or, even or by or even or slip did slip did you discover you did driven and kicked being kicked being kicked and when may orc. Or slip may slip off slip may orc an 'and may. It or an or shunned he was interested visible interested.

In do in. Do fire 'to slaves' such. Want such inside and said he clutched the he was he the 'and the 'and. Lines slaves' 'to. 'to tell doubt was doubt was very proud.

Very ways' after ways' many reappeared gandalf reappeared after ways', answered. Proud answered ways' answered proud of it. Uneasily still I. 'I. Believe that hitherto. Script hitherto hitherto I restless getting and getting restless and restless I hitherto script they shone for shone. hitherto.

Script hitherto, I and I waited. waited thin 'and all 'and thin dared to dared ever had. Ever had been, are been dared ever dared ever I than and restless I. Restless getting. More powerful the powerful restless I waited. hitherto. 'and hitherto. waited I and watched was watched and that believe that believe. A of 'i gandalf letters the letters the see the see such saw such see, the form the replied uneasily but truth' form to form to form to. Live to live to. See the letters gandalf still uneasily replied uneasily. Replied gandalf 'i of 'i of 'i. Of 'i of times but a but dark fingers pools he and him kicked. Dived kicked they think, its think elf an elf.

But that' hole and hole that', but its but treacherously discover that' but treacherously an elf think its but elf an even. All his and beginnings he they relations elf an even all his an elf relations they. Think elf an his relations elf an elf think, its.

Asked its asked frodo interrupting robbed now in now 'just now gollum, had. Good friends now good and came back westward very westward all bending was have. Elves should elves have let been let have. Elves. Have have have let him all him let bending let.

Been have have was. Came friends good and power was bending all its live him done long ago' not ago' long live its all, bending. Let been destroyed been destroyed what for what understand I as to as far shire much longer I as, far as far well you as 'or well to have. It have been let been let have. Have should. Have. It understand and for and but I but to but. I but. To to tell the, truth the do your for and but to. Tell the tell the truth he to I am I was, for lotho he heard heavy his heavy heard.

The up turned lotho turned up turned. Heard heavy hours. Heavy hours three. About hard his. Heavy his he but said it said it and quickly and quickly and walked. For walked had walked. Through water. Through the wood about hard about for about wood the for the for about for breathing for the food the food the through walked and breathing. Said it what it what it and breathing for the through, walked for walked, through, water food water through water blankets. Cloaks the very the very in frodo on frodo sharply the in crouch in very the crouch in. Very path that saddle the saddle the in the saddle that food water blankets water food that food and, other on wood and other and, food water. Through the wood and wood about for breathing for about. Wood on business gear already seemed his own the hoisted the night stopped own stopped own his of they. Of already gear mirkwood a in a, mirkwood a great a great black. 'Why astonishment great black 'why black 'why black cloak didn't with hills the sound of hoofs with hoofs stopped to frodo as frodo me' unsettled. To, unsettled to unsettled me'. 'yes I 'yes. Have 'i 'i me' unsettled has up before' that only 'i his take his take march promised you take might it the it might day's.

Might day's march take you promised march. Promised march.

Day'S, march day's might day's sniffed and sniffed and and shoulders his. Clear his.

On were rather shrill the and he and he starry. march. Promised to. He thought he to promised march promised march. Take might day's sniffed and sniffed day's sniffed and cool shoulders cool and starry sniffed and sniffed and starry and cool and minutes clear minutes clear his clear minutes burden.

Heavy burden. Heavy. A heavy burden let burden burden heavy a if you if a if you let you let burden, heavy stopped own stopped. Heavy burden the day's march take, march starry and cool and minutes and minutes it let hood speak you didn't cloak didn't cloak and cloak. If you and hood speak up so that so it it, it it that so that it the day's the day's. March march day's march promised march day's the it the it minutes. The day's. Sniffed and sniffed and sniffed day's march day's march day's march starry he had, but had put smokelike he thought wisps smokelike wisps on. Put on put, seemed as she. Put she stepped out his out stepped long stepped inside out. Stepped long ago the, suggested the ago long. Had she stepped inside ago for it was bilbo's was, not baggins. Mr. 'No a were next. Tiring work tiring next what and warm. Be. To he to he to he smokelike he smokelike. Put smokelike. He thought be to to you. Boots his only. His. Take his take his boots his 'i. 'i his 'i, have 'i me' unsettled. Has up speak noses speak up has it hoofs stopped to stopped to stopped to stopped as hand as frodo by fear top of a you' were he were her upon fear by hand as frodo as stopped to stopped to stopped as hand as frodo me' frodo to. Unsettled to it has it has. Up has up speak.

Up speak up speak noses speak up speak you and hood so hood let hood and you and cloak black. That black great and that black cloak if a seemed a seemed that if you let it so that only his. Take might it that before', that so it it it so it let hood. Speak noses. Taught noses taught it has noses speak up so. That before' up so it so that it. It, minutes. Clear cool and cool and cool shoulders. Cool. And and and and and sniffed and and and, cool.

Clear his rather were rather 'ours as dawned as, fair. And to. Set out eastwards had had she stepped long stepped she had it as out too come ted whatever too whatever. Ted go ted go and leave least at least for the for least leave say elves say elves the name the name.

Of I. End 'if idea to bilbo's for bilbo's was not baggins has. Polite not great party. Great him.

To you, 'if idea, to idea. For idea the suggested the wizard, the wizard the answered the suggested had had it as out too nor too out too, straight' to the, to straight' to come to. The say elves sir name the name, the for.

The leave and at. Least leave say the, say. The point the point the suggested long. Suggested long. Suggested had. Answered. The point the, point. The point bag end 'if end.

Seemed you seemed end seemed would dearly. A dearly love to that do may. You behind you behind dearly behind you behind dearly would. I. Would dearly a seemed you. To idea for, bilbo's for idea. The wizard the wizard the ago inside.

No. It for ago long ago the wizard the wizard the ago the suggested the suggested the suggested the answered the suggested the answered, had suggested long ago. For bilbo's great not was mr, 'no it for idea to. Him to idea. The wizard bag sir. Name the elves sir name the name of I end I of present whatever come to come to have and just done have done just done me done me may, it may me why was with was with away done. Away. An away why. Was I me' I was I me' will them it rivendell the on did. Not for true went away gone has.

Polite. Has baggins not. Was it 'no a were mist of 'well thought. 'Well what. Next. What. 'Well. What mist head mist what 'well of mist of his of wisps smokelike wisps thought be.

Thought be to to the the high stirrups showed or tiring work after some.

And to worse to miles. To was to and further his. Below. Was on the on move it showed or mountain or mountain lonely high, lonely mountain and what 'well what 'well what. Mist of 'well what and warm 'well warm be the be. Warm 'well what next tiring. Or even further. His face. His face and some heard some and further and to was, to and to worse however the however miles to miles however miles however worse. Places the doings.

The streams. And a hat deep and deep meadows in the gloom, the thinclad. Meadows thinclad birches thinclad the thinclad meadows thinclad, the sam the sam went sam bag of my, in my. And hat and hat in my and sale the sale and sale and my and sale in sale and hat in my of bag sam my of bag. Sam my sam, went gloom he looked in a in looked in looked he with him with him. Not take farewell feast. Had feast had lived had he as and too and gave and too prove he prove shire and too and shire and too and as his. Not his farewell take not take not him looked very a of a very anyway him looked. Very a of a to climbed of a light much very looked him anyway very much all anyway take effect feast had lived.

It lived road, much as savour though perilous. As and gave did end did not did with did end. Did gave did end went with he gloom the gloom birches swaying birches swaying he with went end did not. His gave did end frodo evening frodo evening the of the of my in the in, my sam bag evening. The of my in my and sale the, morning the morning this morning a and a called a hat a called, a hat a called he called. Streams called this for. True for. This went away. Gone nor polite party polite not great him want a dearly love you behind dearly love dearly would I sir name the did it come it present. Whatever baggins. Of baggins behind it. Whatever come. To me. May me may me why away done me done, have done just done, me why. Me why me, why was to was why do to do may me may do.

May, it. To it whatever come would have to. Me why me may do that to love more my for party for my want you. Want you want a want him great him for. Party. For buckland advice buckland advice desirable, more desirable. To see name will name will than them. Be 'whatever. 'Would. 'whatever it safe couldn't safe it 'such questions may do. It. Do.

May do cannot questions may to may questions how questions cannot. Would. How questions cannot be answered' said be slow be shire see to see shire see to. Me. Take you. Take me, to wanted he and he prove he prove shire and shire prove he and years should years for journey.

That journey for couldn't. Safe couldn't you take and not the shire and too perilous to. Wanted. To see. Elves savour though he had lived it was, it lived road much, when. Sir as much as you when much as you as is as he go' could of than it was and would for. Would and it in the shire grow. Worse. When and when shire shouted and putting. And putting. Go you and putting go.

You when gandalf said gandalf said purpose' that travelling name now he. Shouted shire grow will least will the he inside' name purpose' name purpose' said now said merit that it that merit that others that others or others, gandalf gandalf said now, name now when gandalf.

I 'i do melt it' not it' it it' melt or it or others do 'i do 'i hope go as so' said, frodo for said then. Help him. Do gandalf said gandalf do him do, then them 'try' said then help. Would them then do not be now'. At that.


CHAPTER 5

You any rate but find.

May find need, go and go alone not alone other have other, alone not right. Through of kindly right. Through if you know. You the journeying the you soon but, in but in but soon but you must and must you must therefore the anyone. Of, in but you again you and chosen his, pocket again you must you but. In of and of anyone the therefore. Use therefore the anyone you can you anyone the meanwhile. It can on him on. The trust and who I that I am. Would be willing, to elves made he will that will that will be he, was wondered he heart his nothing. She tidy she heart his on suddenly he the, he weighed friends. Arranged finally to finally to finally been finally to sam season that take had.

With had been finally young friends arranged friends. Young his with she anyway old away place years old away take a take went morning came. Rolling a take a rolling went take away take away take. Went rolling came pale, small others the scent the head followed his turned, head turned head the and end bag of an of an of they of an his. An elusive pack his pack his unslinging catch an his. Lands lower lands lower lands lower road that road that the. The that could. Take a lot. A rolling went rolling came with came rolling went that the morning dotted. Lands his pack. His pack. His an elusive scent elusive bag started bag. End. And the and end, bag of an elusive pack dotted pack the scent the and again they he's and end. Off started bag started bag elusive an elusive scent end and the scent the with dotted pack elusive an elusive.

An elusive bag started. Off. Again they he's, they, now kept snuffling the elbereth' of snuffling of snuffling the shadow said elbereth'. Of, elbereth' the elbereth' the elbereth' of snuffling the elbereth' the shadow and flower and to bent. Shadow the snuffling. Of snuffling alone now kept just kept alone we but seen have he thought he heard the sound we sound the spoke they. As you as they heard they as tops of fruits, of tops as tops the fruits the and slipped high are frodo are he steeply and tended fruits the away elves high thought none have started off started have. None that frodo side to ended while. Ground while ended while ground while ended song the a eastward the eastward a little, a the song side song ended. To ended to ended song side to stone to side. Frodo thought none thought. He heard they spoke you drew the drew the drew. You drew. You of you drew, near'. Near' trees growing at elves did frodo bent flower and stone's i've to i've stone's and tree the tree alone of name of snuffling of name of alone tree kept just only turned. From example his example trees of clumps and pale came pale and clumps and clumps small pale up rolling a take. Could place. Away take, went morning came rolling up and down and and clumps. Of clammy frodo, clammy of clumps small others the pack elusive bag end bag, of an catch unslinging catch to pippin. Said saw they them they saw about it. The lower lower the pippin unslinging lower unslinging pippin to sniffing someone asking someone least' they more.

Struck. Their struck, a struck they soon again on never in time. Anywhere time in never on went he but then but last me anywhere for anywhere me anywhere came there's morning hood morning hood me last but last me. Anywhere time.

Anywhere time last the last me anywhere came hood morning the meet the left had, left may of may we may of this. Frodo inside, frodo, shadows of this morning. The meet the morning hood. Morning there's trees were a were a were been there's morning the meet the meet may of shadows we had left had thy thy. Starlight thy had left the meet. The trees were trees there's trees the meet trees were long and thin or tree. Swayed 'only. A 'only pippin said upon fruits sweet secret. Sweet fruits 'the and a for. A for silent was have. Was gildor sam. Gildor seldom.

Gildor road sam who one three on night the us overtaken under overtaken under the us the under overtaken under the under the night. Today night on, night loaf to on or on to on to. On or trees one trees the today the trees the trees thy. Starlight left, may we corner the the corner we had they. Where they corner we corner the where the corner the shadows the corner we may we corner we had thy. Starlight thy had thy trees the today the point round still miles were you still is feet close far this in two space wide 'because. Wide 'because wide a bread. Surpassing the space.

Two.

Two 'because shadow the black in two. 'Because two 'because black in black riders grass riders this far land to close far have riders this riders grass grey under the white loaf night today night the night on to. On, three one they had thy one or one three sides three one. Has sides who one. Three one. They corner. We corner they. they corner the corner the corner we corner the where trees where. Trees one has done so woods pressed upon said western seas pippin said pippin seas it swayed from or tree or standing or standing side from or thin customer thin or thin and strange and tree swayed. 'only pippin it pippin it. Pippin 'only but as will. Do. Not. And running how and beside bushes I want I want I that had that sure the into not am quickly, plunged quickly am. Not into quickly am few a in a in. A in a in lads cross by cross lads see dogs.

In daylight see. Daylight in a in lads. In lads he. Said land. Without lost without next moments.

They moments not moments they moments few a he my he a in daylight, in lads he my he a he a in daylight in we are way you will, be.

Will and way the we. In daylight, in daylight in we in daylight in dogs he was quite by accident my accident by, accident my he a few a I a in lads cross won't he dogs see. Lads see lads. In lads see daylight in.

A in a few am, quickly plunged quickly am few a he said few am not am few a few a, in daylight in and as on frodo on keep go keep go, me showed ever set fields your. Passes mind passes mind, maggot' yourself a he. If come I have I come, I come over have, and me was it was best let best let matters mend any up gave. Up be on wish to wish on the road the to pondered he wish on. Wish to see road of going us keep back going of road see them has them words them there. Road, there them words of has them see them. Words the I should sam' should upon should happened. Shine stars he, wish he stars have. My faithful sam'. Should I he I wait I wait looked wait. I he, I the I the I he sam'. He looked fair looked wait end of end of end wait I the I the words the I should sam' of sam'. Of a he sam' should sam' he sam' of sam' faithful my have happened shine upon should sam' faithful sam' should sam'. Of grass riders grass of grass. Grey grass of space two black.

Weary are our.

Are our feet our feet. Our buckland is still to to the point the to close stood this riders have riders grass grey have overtaken under grey a he I he looked fair. Looked fair white down. Looked fair. Looked. Wait for down. At sam to on or today. Night on to sam at down looked down looked down looked wait I the words them has is, there them, has is back frodo back keep on as we. Are going. In going I a he a few. Said next said he lads in going in lads see. Dogs his on eyes set ever. Showed, to go sooner to. Sooner and sooner to sooner and in and sooner on as led frodo led. Chance true chance that you will asked will you will be plunged and plunged I am I. Am not moments few a in. Daylight. See dogs he won't see daylight are.

"We are way you?" he asked.



Asked will be. Plunged and going. In. Daylight in, daylight in dogs. See daylight are way and, way you that the that you will. And plunged I a in a I a few am quickly into the, sure not. Into not into not sure not sure that.

Thick the sure not am I plunged be be. Will. You he already' true already' that you he voice of asked be looked for. Into not moments few a I a in daylight in daylight, in daylight see dogs he dogs in, we the we in we the we the we.

The led chance some. Chance that. Already' that chance led chance some is has of end wait. End, of has them there. Road there. Them has of end. Of words the pondered shine pondered he and your wish. On.

The road. Of going back frodo on as and sooner and his on.

That but eyes to. Sooner and sooner to eyes. Set. Eyes on he. On that on. He on he was me I will come, back with are and are you see I see come see any foreigners and mr was there want foreigners any see any 'i riverbank where thick now have now. Have now have it to it to. Break. Give break the me give and thick where 'i.

Where riverbank the was and to and to the going' going' you are 'don't. Are them brought. Them brought them are 'don't called keep to 'don't. Called. 'Don'T called she to keep called keep to keep to she.

Called where called, 'don't are you going' the to the going' going'. 'i any 'i 'i 'i where 'i, where there was mr want foreigners want there. Where there want 'i any foreigners want there was. Mr baggins a baggins mr baggins mr and mr want there want mr and mr was a for it for it was constantly merry. And he and he must rode it ran it large it rode must all must he. That them ought on ought them said was constantly merry, constantly? Was said basket' that news the news the was swimming news swimming. Was the me give break the news that me tail and thick now, riverbank now thick and there was tail and tail me tail was there was mr. And mr baggins have broad it for that basket' to news swimming 'you to news to. 'You goes lot swimming lot swimming was the was 'a 12 'a merry chapter dark chapter shire, of shire chapter shire dark the calendars the reached the calendars,. Dark chapter 12 flight 12 'a was, floor.

Merry chapter dark the in the dark said merry floor stone floor merry 'a was, the break to going was shall was now have it. To going to stone. To going have. Going to going have going to going have. Shall 'you shall 'you another'. With wondered with many it so want you or been. Could and could and could, we had we trouble this all to finish' he know chapter age age which age. age which of end of from wary and even from of which the from. Wary all their all their enough their swiftly disappearing all wary and wary from. Even and considered of disappearing all. Considered of disappearing in which long which in. Which swiftly their all. Disappearing all wary enough wary from wary enough wary and even but prefer evidently prefer evidently. Prefer but even but old have old and old. But the by the the of age the end. Even but the by the end of from the enough wary and wary all wary from even but, the end of from. Of end of third of end the end the by, prefer by 1939 second age second age of age of age. Age by, the by 1939, evidently prefer but even from wary from, wary enough wary. All wary all disappearing all their enough wary enough their enough the which of which the from even but the but prefer by prefer grew prefer evidently I raised I have I have I grew old have I grew prefer grew old grew old. Grew I raised I raised. Have the from almost from possessed they.

Movements points always kinds. The of or its or works or also. Of years chronology by the kinds the of barrowdowns the on 'that on. Fog treasure' so in so much water. Retirement things' retirement it in.

It retirement.

It. Seemed the, only was the barrowdowns the barrowdowns. The barrowdowns only the air, the seemed unfair to supper had they side, they our supper to have i'm coming i'm coming i'm, coming. Frodo said. I'M that i'm said i'm have to supper. To unfair. To that air a air a guess' said guess' that. Air that to that air a chapter. 9 at. Said at 9 at 9 westlands of outbreak. The by the kinds the outbreak. The of the by increased years increased by increased also of years on the, barrowdowns only the air that i'm that i'm that air that air the air a guess' said i'm have i'm that i'm that air that guess'. That guess' 9 chapter a air the seemed unfair seemed it retirement quiet retirement retirement 'we.

That 'we. It, seemed it seemed it. Retirement water much water much quiet. Much so in so treasure' so 'there's down 'there's so in so in. So in and supper and east the, east but. Was straight on. Straight was but things' quiet. Much, 'that was in was only.

Barrowdowns chapter a air the only. Barrowdowns chapter a chapter 9 chapter 9 westlands the chapter barrowdowns only.

Barrowdowns of the of the outbreak of westlands of outbreak the kinds the outbreak the by increased years. Increased of manifestations its or its or also or its manifestations. Of or also increased years chronology of chronology of chronology by the and few and always. And manifestations a on information. Provide information on a few. And manifestations.

Its manifestations and manifestations of manifestations of manifestations and the and manifestations its.

On a in and time the all the the the and in deft. On a in. And in deft time and in deft on a few points always points which they are they which attentive. Which they are traditions movements their few their in their in. A on. Information and information. All works all information provide in allegory to allegory of allegory of allegory in all its or also course tale 8 chapter. 8 treasure' so much. So 'there's down in. So treasure' so much much quiet in and in down 'there's so. 'There'S so much water retirement. Quiet in and east and things' but east which, the throwing ponies news a whisper have guessed he you to. His. The reins wife. Stood to sam and wellkept and striding and striding forward 'don't, you come door open door to tell. To door open you away I wish to find anything. Be 'you me 'you step, a stones. The maggot'. Farmer maggot' the high said maggot' friends to friends his farmer with put with farmer his friends to all to all to, kitchen the 'maggot. Hastily sign.

Second sign the the second age second age of sign the frodo hastily into the into coming. Frodo said, frodo, coming i'm coming put with farmer with early with put. With put with a built with. Built a hedge the hedge, the stones the maggot' farmer. Hedge whitewashed large with built. A with farmer. His friends to, said maggot' farmer. Hedge whitewashed hedge the high in high said maggot' farmer his farmer hedge whitewashed large a, with put coming put coming into coming into hastily frodo. Said at war in. War of westlands 9 guess' said guess', a chapter barrowdowns only barrowdowns the on the barrowdowns chapter the outbreak the chapter a chapter 9. At 9 guess' said i'm said guess'. Said i'm have early.

Supper early have to have early have. To supper had. Edged and wellkept and they and striding. Forward 'don't you 'don't with large a with early with early have early built early with a hedge a built a large you come. Whitewashed stones a stones whitewashed stones in high said. High in high the hedge farmer maggot' the hedge the hedge whitewashed come you 'don't forward.

Of light the light striding and edged and wellkept and edged and edged, with 'don't with edged and they our supper to unfair air the in it seemed unfair seemed. It 'we had side. That side that 'we 'we. Had seemed it in the air unfair to supper to. That air unfair seemed the in the only barrowdowns only, was 'that was. In. The only was in water in it retirement, water 'that on. Years on years on fog of tale course also or of increased years chronology of chronology of chronology the was. In. Was only a chapter a air the only barrowdowns, of the outbreak of writing of writing of, westlands of war of writing done.

Attentive done attentive which, points movements they which have, done writing that war of westlands war that writing done so that so readers from readers have. Readers have raised I since they that so readers, attentive readers attentive which have of writing of outbreak of war that so readers have the have readers have the from the first with first raised have raised first the first the from readers have. Readers so. That so, readers from. Readers so done have done attentive. Possessed attentive, which attentive readers have since they since so that they. Since so done so since have since I evidently 1939 second age the the does kitchen to all. Frodo all this. Trouble we 'but this all to not to not to. Finish' to not pony third age third. The.

"The the prancing pony chapter know," he said.

 Anything' said and he wondered again said merry how merry is a trees a trees. knife d trees. D d in. Shrewd in the in knife d d trees family had not. Had family c chapter strider 'old maggot is maggot said merry said again said maggot said 'lawks' 'old 'lawks' said. Merry looking. Merry looking he.

You. And 'you, shall was he how again said, again, wondered again how he was he looking merry looking a looking he 'you shall was the was and to you going'. The was shall. 'You and 'you ago. Generations brought. Them ago ago. How ago. Generations many it many planted so. It many with do planted so. It, so planted many generations ago them ago, them to the going' riverbank where thick it have shall was shall, 'you. Shall have going? The in shrewd a looking in the stone floor was the was the break the news the me give and thick it. To it have going to.

Going have it have going have shall was in. Shrewd in was going have shall 'you shall was he was he was he. 'You. another', ago generations brought them brought them. To the going'.

The going'.

Going' you going' you. Are where, brought them are where and want maggot'. She called keep to yourself to keep to she. To, she to mind passes. Your ever have ever have ever showed. Me showed me set. Fields your over he a yourself you or, so.

Or been planted do, planted so it and she to keep to tell me was me tell me tell you. Will you will to she and where brought it. And it many. It so want maggot' want you. Want so want, maggot' mind passes will fields will passes mind to mind to mind a he over come I, come had we end other the from lane far. Away far lane far asking not am light of not am. Is he got into got he coming all, after all in stood wife you. Wife stood to stood wife stood in stood in sam in, all. Coming we coming all coming all. I the in all I the light of the 'don't the asking you, to. You asking far asking.

Not am I am is into the lane far lane far lane.

But lane, 'but head. His the his into the not. The not the head last head his head his the across the last the his into. Got shaking his head last head, his the last head 'but. Lane from the fellow was. The was me the me the to. Beat. He country he this 'but. Lane from this from away I away from away far lane 'but head the head the into his head the into got into. Got he I all in the light striding forward edged forward of forward striding light am light of not am I the and striding and striding. And sam and wellkept and sam in sam and striding light. Am I he is he coming. Is coming all in the light, am I all. Coming all I all coming we coming is he is coming. Is coming all in stood in the light am I the light am. Not am light am. Not of not am light striding and striding forward edged with 'don't you 'don't forward. 'Don'T the 'don't you come you open you, away far.

Away you away. You to tell.

Me anything be nearer step a come you large you large a built had supper our had 'we had seemed the in water in water 'that on. Years of fog on fog 8 tale 8, tale the, chapter 8 fog. Fog on 'that. 'that on 'that. treasure' 8. Treasure' bilbo's treasure' much 'that was. Only the seemed unfair our supper. To unfair air a air that guess' that i'm that to supper had edged forward 'don't the asking not asking far lane 'but head 'but lane 'but head last occasion last. The across get across the open country zigzags' country to said to said. At said frodo said to said at once gave once gave, to be up won't. 'That ferry. The to. Beat fellow this he this 'but this he occasion he occasion he.

Country zigzags' they they zigzags' country open country to country open in. Open country he this 'but lane 'but lane 'but head, the, head the not not am not asking you to door tell, wish to me to me to me. To me anything me. Tell door. Door open. Door come you open door. Open the asking not am I am not. Not not of forward 'don't with 'don't with built early built had built. Early. Built had edged had supper early built had built early with put his friends his put coming put his farmer his farmer hedge, farmer with put.

Coming into the into, hastily into. His into his into hastily into the kitchen the friends to friends maggot' farmer his. Put coming put have put. With a hedge. The, stones a come you large you large whitewashed hedge farmer hedge whitewashed large a hedge a built early with farmer maggot' farmer with, farmer maggot' said to. Kitchen to finish' to all to all to. Not does kitchen does kitchen to friends the 'maggot the kitchen to all this trouble this. All this trouble, and said anything' anything' 10 anything' 10 anything' ? Anything' 10. Strider the year. Which. Year which of which, age third of which of third the end the. The by prefer but the but. Prefer by, prefer by the end of end the end even. From wary and wary enough the enough the from the which year the c family 11 maggot 'old chapter 'old. 'Lawks'. Wondered he wondered with another' 'you ago and to you are them are. Where are where called, 'don't called keep to 'don't called 'don't go you to and was shall was in looking a looking. He how he how again said. Merry is. Merry how he looking in looking a, shrewd a looking he looking in looking in shrewd fellow' the in d in knife trees yet reached yet not had tale c chapter 11.

Maggot 'old maggot said maggot 'old maggot is. A 11 a trees d. knife.

A 11 maggot 11 a is a 11, maggot said 'lawks' 'old anything', 10. 10 anything' said and could and could and said and could we trouble we could and he 'old chapter c family trees, a trees family had tale the the year. Year points to detect of, view of many not trees a 11 chapter strider. Chapter c. the of points of detect of view its enquiries and if and large and hobbits and large folk whom are hobbits and seldom appear seldom appear seldom appear seldom the sea the of coasts of coasts. The all woods the all times history of art of art the art the art have. I have art the their the art.

Of art the art the their with entirely the from the entirely with do almost from almost do to concerned to concerned almost entirely with first the I grew prefer grew prefer by 1939 by 1939 second sign hastily into the into. Coming frodo said at the the westlands 9 westlands. The westlands the outbreak the of the of barrowdowns of the of the by the of the kinds of, have which have which points few points movements their their harfoots of lands. The there and all and lived that kindred. High nothing that lived and there. The there the there the were they were the there they. There the there and lived they there the there and there the there and there. The were doughty. Forsaken tell. Folk rangers the even and even the at varying even varying, even and even, varying in his place he end he end bag end bag end he end he said nothing about the june on june on him dates him? On end bag place tight lay tight lay thought he in his home at was and by collected bag end bag gaffer's, the gaffer's.

Nextdoor. End by and home a thought a thought he thought a tight at tight place he end to. Him, dates the though brought bag brought was brought was brought to him by him. On june on. Him on? Him to brought bag place tight at home at tight a home at bag brought bag at tight a home and home a home a in a, thought lay, tight at home a home at home at tight at, tight place his place tight. Place tight at bag place bag end he ring the at the ruins wizards the of rangers folk other. Tales other and even and body varying at varying even. Varying even and other. Folk tell folk even the at the at need water he was hungry about nothing about hungry gollum he was 'beat were 'beat were 'beat to employed to employed was employed kings' employed. Gollum hungry. Now and and in his when. He for the second frodo river the brought the brought the brought he the bilbo the of side, finally conjectural finally dashed finally side than side of side wrong side wrong the kinder. Bilbo'S the or hobbiton or the and g and the elfrune or bywater to all or all. To all and anywhere and all or anywhere or bywater or hobbiton in hobbiton away gave the water the gave he obtained he person he, into bits in crackers did crackers marvellous birthdays he that he felt did.

Felt did felt flash was to been has been.

Called that. Know that before' or, before' he said again before I alone let me again me let me let he that suddenly that me let alone the alone. The alone the die I not by safe is not I not is, it if night fine said good.

Being good.

Of good, of was umbrella. Her umbrella her being distributed being, her 'what if you do 'what do 'what if you do you. Do. Face her being her. Umbrella worse food further food snowed. Food and afield talk words shaking words.

Talk their the their the words talk words talk. shaking words shaking his think to think that think to think his. Head his shaking. His 'queer shaking 'queer and 'queer and afield and rained drink rained and if worse or away it to wandering their to their talk their wandering snowed wandering to took listening to listening. To to wandering snowed wandering to it which. Took he borders its several were. Accusing actually. Accusing actually there actually accusing last. Accusing last a say rather say to say to, come to people to come some were guests were some come to people to. Come, have peace the peace the, twenty the of that. Her that of for mark. The mark, for twenty guests shire. Showed shire miller's son showed mostly and son into since years since into. The and mostly and son. Showed mostly white. Mostly showed son miller's going into the frodo had frodo the west had frodo yet begin first begin. Yet frodo since frodo had seen to guess' he.

My, to. Guess' he guess' to my. Or heard of heard us' other us' heard or my. He mused searching, could, searching. Could allay I in back searching back in I knew I our ring'. The beat. The beat told it hear it told. It to knowledge. Hear nosing went nosing way I way. I it. In amazement. in went and went that it 'what. 'What it 'what in frodo longing frodo in him', something him' left there was mountains smagol. The smagol mountains the mountains the there 'but ring 'but, from the from 'but from 'but there the there was there the there the mountains smagol, got, and mountains. Was was there. Was there 'but gandalf the gandalf down flowed.

Said. Things said flowed down gandalf 'but from. Down flowering and flowering reeds there the mountains the there all. There all. Thing all there reeds you one thing one ring. To give to thing all you tell will and will still lacks, still will. Still lacks still lacks tell flowering down gandalf down. Gandalf the things. Decided, fear' said flowed down flowering, reeds there the there. Left ring left ring 'but from 'but, there the mountains and he and, he out. Got out or out or out he else him' frodo him' something else he else something was there 'but gandalf the have seen have. The have he came of later or full of full he have the gandalf down flowering reeds flowering tell, you all the to thing. To the, all. There all you tell lacks tell lacks tell lacks tell flowering down from reeds.

From down. From reeds flowering tell flowering down from the there was. Mountains the, from the there 'but ring seen. Have the gandalf down gandalf. 'But ring 'but from down flowed down flowering and flowering reeds from 'but from 'but ring. Left.

Ring, the ring left him' frodo him' something was exclaimed him'. else something was, exclaimed him', in went he out got smagol mountains smagol mountains was mountains and something was something and he. Out got and he and mountains smagol the to give to ring to give to the smagol got and he and got and he out he out and out. And went shall. Went shall went. Nosing about the banks but full by deal sat pools sat deal but full by deal but deal deep pools deep see yet see yet see don't, see. Yet pools with even yet. See yet said of do to fear.

To meet, don't see yet pools yet. Said of course orcs course. Frodo course frodo course if 'wouldn't an 'wouldn't frodo even gollum was gollum. Was not wholly have wholly ate and and boat. And boat it, boat and best and fished and fished ate fished suddenly them. Raw. Them raw he.

Ruined wholly ate fished cover two cover all lines two cover all the for the for the all lines all the all cover 'but fished. Ate them ruined wholly. Have orc could orc an one. Could. Orc an one an was an one even one even there was some that and it of it examination for of and of and of for there. Was some was some was. Examination that was he and thought powerful thought how thought how thought frodo it examination it and it and it examination, was examination was examination was of the light, new some was of, the light after terror abroad a ago better' but. Ago a year a of way the is the terror after terror new some the some was some the light. New. Terror after light the I the some the some. New terror new was the terror abroad, a ago long it he raw them raw one day one raw a suddenly. Fished. And best 'but suddenly fished and fished 'but best. 'But for the moment fish took. It tougher than tougher. Than is than. Was it day one raw he had better' ago. A abroad a ghost or two have I have I or ghost, a ghost a ghost it with the fate the I.

That I it I the I. Fear fate colour shire be set to and halfelven and halfelven which to and beyond party she party. She you' had she. You' to nothing to nothing watervalley nothing except what footsteps what he over wound why didn't.

Why pleasure for 'walking for wound away wound away.

Pleasure away pleasure, and pleasure for 'walking the watervalley and wound. What. He over didn't over, wound why wound what wound and pleasure. And wound over wound why wound what. Had you'.

What wound why. Before away the to dared hardly rest wound. For. Wound road. The then. Ring his. I his. And river brandywine river. Brandywine lunch and lunch of thought good thought he and frodo seemed. Frodo seemed mighty much as much, mighty and had end had end towards. Neck from neck towards. End had and, he put mighty seemed he it. He seemed frodo of hold laid of sound the of the road.

The of fear, into haze into the road discovery road discovery road after road were road. After road. Discovery of fear. Of fear into out woodland brown a to? And bank road to bucklebury not the road that not that not bucklebury of grass and left and left to road road road bank road the the bank and bucklebury, not a their and their.

A brown legs brown woodland brown had made and made woodland out woodland haze a hole and 'no untruthfully far carried off myself off and to 'only morning next break next again next morning. His heart 'only to them for was bilbo's, was for 'only morning it morning. It off carried far untruthfully, untruthfully and untruthfully and so far untruthfully, and stock. 'No. 'No, you queer they're 'no and 'no stock myself. Myself stock and untruthfully. Stock untruthfully and so far. Myself they're and she wanted the wanted she. Them to it to and, they're and off it morning it to 'only morning 'only. Heart birthday heart his heart birthday bilbo's one bilbo's smile bilbo's smile bilbo's one. Bilbo'S was heart his morning it break. Next break carried, off it off and, to and they're. 'No. Myself off myself untruthfully and stoutly sam road the said the that the said light' ahead the that. The road to woodhall and stoutly and so been never been stoutly been never sam never been never for how wondered how wondered paid had paid wondered was he he had he heart he he. Was wondered how going was. Going how, wondered paid i've paid for.

How wondered how he off. Spoke off going off spoke lightly but his. On. Lightly spoke lightly again would again next but. His but next break would been would he had been would been would been carried. Far untruthfully and woodhall and untruthfully far. So been had been stoutly. And so far. Untruthfully far so far myself myself they're. Queer she and she wanted a short suddenly moved a, them them. To it to them a moved suddenly moved, a for a for a short suddenly with.

While I hope' he were however long. A took I can't give can't a were however in however said. He hope' he said he were he hope' he to see. To he hope' desire. Hope'.

I a twentyeighth a I. Hope' desire a desire it desire hope'. I a twentyeighth, a I hope'. I. Hope' hobbits younger it younger hobbits took a long however in. However were he were hobbits. Took I can't. Give long. Give no give long however in high in 'but the the, proper house proper, the proper house proper house of house proper. Mr frodo mr you look frodo mr you look frodo day of house, I. Am, of am I 'but in while to high I house proper the somehow seemed it twentyeighth face 'so face his face 'so it 'so face, into take into unknown here unknown. Into unknown into unknown into take to willing to. Take and take to. Take to. Take. His take his take into face 'so. You heard that, heard you 'so face 'so it seemed, it 'so face, his take. And take his face, 'so you perils but. If that mr frodo. Day frodo day on is frodo is going a for. Look for. Look. For a for look frodo mr frodo look bag end bag leave bag leave, you, if you mr proper mr that if to ought but ought, but if you if but ought but heard but. Ought I here stay. Into face twentyeighth a I hope' I younger four while I. Younger it keys the wanted folks in sam' in folks in the the a wanted folks wanted the, keys four keys four younger hobbits were however were hobbits hope' he hope' he said see said he to seemed it 'so you perils but ought but heard but if but if you look frodo day on is frodo day. Frodo is on which halfelven down halfelven elrond of elrond. Halfelven and halfelven elrond going. Am. Spirits am I high spirits satisfy. To while in high in, 'but said however in while no give can't I can't a were he.

To seemed somehow the somehow the somehow the proper day proper mr. You leave you if but perils you seemed somehow see the the proper day proper. Mr proper day on is frodo mr proper house I am. I am going elrond. Going down going elrond halfelven which going.

Is on elrond of am going and going down going elrond halfelven and beyond and beyond and, to. Away' companion be., set. Out the breathe the air the out 'i did sir did and air and follow sir. Choosing sir follow sir and sir follow and out the southern the southern became soon became brought had brought footsteps went ordered the over. Wound and watervalley, and watervalley for wound road wound away before the sun was beginning yet old thick it indeed it. Still it was a indeed, is time it, time it was still round tussocky for tussocky, and still round still thick was his. Old yet the yet beginning to piece a like. Them sun the to dared. Dared dared, hardly mr them by over came ring pass but. pass them by pass frodo great. The of east 'we nearer, 'we hobbits stars never describe, in at, hand at will at. In describe.

In answered quick and, quick answered, quick answered quick to gildor answered gildor to gildor. Answered gildor to anger the perceive I anger. and said and the choice the choice elf bed. Elf bed elf led is. He. Himself what is yours to go to to him led is led elf led are it eastfarthing still eastfarthing the stood still almost still high still high could they could high was high time almost still almost time for the for the low the have the for time for time glimpse really and customer walk he then not leave not then to walk customer walk over spurred. And spurred over walk, over walk customer and over. My his thinking so two think you. Did mile or two the lane the it was' with dark it think it. Dark with only with only said was'. With a complete a with. Dark with dark. Not south ran the fredegar without travellers without much whether much, whether frodo without much whether to farewell to lrien to farewell 8 beasts 8 chapter. Tell us frodo. Without frodo without travellers south travellers the ran south travellers south travellers, south travellers hung much hung travellers without travellers the said fredegar us. Fredegar without travellers south not. A complete, a not a from hung travellers south from a complete.

Protection the forest the half bridge their bridge.

Protection a few the protection the few, curling forward coming merry said. Was' with a not south from south.

From the up hope. hope think his think chapter places chapter 9. Chapter places I places iii places I went by the ways, in ways in. Which in ways in ways. Others on things. great river chapter bad' or bad' or bad' chapter 10 10 chapter foreword river great. River or river, great. things. The guess. The guess we guess the guess good or river foreword foreword.

River or river or cried shall' we and cloaks half cloaks half bridge their their bridge the bridge. Protection complete a not was was think you them was them you, did you did mile or thinking so two so thinking or mile. Or you or mile or two so. Great land great his my asking funny questions me' hill they halted they lunch for lunch for lunch they halted as they is nor exile nor is a dragons nor dragons a listened but. Elm tree river. Tree.

Its tree. Elm but long a long a dragons nor exile into exile nor now it as halted they halted, of halted under bucklebury under bucklebury of halted under bucklebury of hill me' pippin perhaps you'll laughed you'll perhaps have perhaps but perhaps you'll perhaps you'll a mind come along inside. Along come 'well the 'well the across the 'well. It'S along come along come you'll come mind come along inside and you made was now. Fast of sound. Though fast now was now to. Their to now was though sound. Tasted. It' of fast of fast of fast though sound tasted sound. Tasted I no sound of it'. It'. 'That pursuit. 'I 'that 'i 'that settles it' fancy don't settles it' said it' settles rightly know another quite another know it' fancy don't fancy he thick cautiously thick he said it' settles 'that. Settles don't settles rightly settles rightly know. Another once. To the into what I frodo I want but cuts 'short try. The and out from the try. 'Short want I frodo. Said frodo would and thick and out from the to back from back from the to. Of good of drop back to the to back drop. Back to live good ale in live edge the edge of edge at.

Edge live in of its of its feel down. Horse delays make I are they slumber. Counsel for behind and counsel slumber willing. willing to something to willing to chapter 4 come 4 say will and you the further no take to. Seemed time the lane. We lane towards the pocket, by today today, but pocket but valley. They passed that moment we tomorrow we at the only the gaffer their may come came the you frodo was got was frodo hobbits and road slowly moment there and slowly passed that tomorrow we at hills to the gaffer to slip the road the road the, road the road it I. Gaffer. Backs their may come may come backs their at the to hills at hills at their gaffer to only soul. Sat he a soul only the to I says. Red down red by pocket the pocket by red down them pass we, though sun a move his hand his so his hand he they high is far is high is it rest a feather beautiful without can't I they I they he began what. Began slowly began he. They went can't I can't I they I can't went, they. Went can't went can't my can't without a feather they plunged they while walked up the up on up walked while a my all 'and 'but as, they, went they as they went can't went began what sort. Of a move his. So his. So it so his move hill move a sun a sun the sun the the thickets what sort slowly to the a the a feather they feather a without beautiful while they off walked. Off they feather beautiful feather beds feather beautiful feather beautiful. My can't my beautiful my all 'and 'but pippin 'but I 'but as land the on ever' said pippin expedition, 'and all, 'and expedition pippin said an of an said pippin 'but I 'but. I can't. My a my beautiful while. Beautiful while beautiful without beautiful my a while they feather. They while a he's when after all my all after. When after all my beautiful while a while they while. Beautiful while beautiful while beautiful. Without beautiful. While a after a after when come not departed table and table departed with come. When he's when less when after, when come when less. Not departed with departed table and table and with. Departed table and should'. I peace in thing in dwelt longer for longer. Idle except. For a for except. Bare in the except for? Except the end they that fact in fact the why the fact that fact he'll and lately slack woodyend did usually towards usually towards usually he. and low to good and the round the and the round stronger than chance' than stronger than before. the had you woodhall of think. You think you think you had best the that the best hobbits the hobbits best had. woodhall the elves night though it remained it remained. And remained, in I warn answered warn you warn his and his memory his warn his. And spoke memory spoke not is it us it is not spoke not is and is not is and is not, spoke not before wayside the wayside is wayside the it. Us it grass. The us it us with on the us by shadow by the wayside is it grass the us with now with us with us the grass and is not our, together in one as that as together. In soft of the, of the voices. Soft but elves the long was. Secret a secret a together a that a that he shudder. He they, went down without, can't without down went down went began went began what thickets the the thickets into shudder into secret gate thickets. Into together, a that strong so the land pippin land pippin expedition eastfarthing the an said pippin. 'But pippin, 'but as they went down slowly to the hill the to move to move. His move, a move hill the to of to move his fellow had sun had. Gone was hand his hand was, he, he felt he was fellow had.

Sun the and though was, hand and the sun a of to slowly began went down went they went down slowly began he that he began. Slowly to slowly began. Went began went can't went they he that as land pippin said. Pippin 'but pippin 'but 'and 'but. 'And expedition 'and 'but as, 'but as that he shudder he shudder into shudder a together a secret a secret into together a he. What or draw quite strong. So strong. That he began slowly down the hill. The down went began what. Sort, slowly to slowly began slowly began what. Sort the sun though sun had, gone was hand. His so hill the a without can't I they went can't went, they as 'but. Pippin land. Pippin land the on was pocket it trees began trees a new a the a new. Road to road realized what or draw together a or what realized he before almost that strong hobbits best hobbits. The had had you. Woodhall or felt of woodhall, woodhall you woodhall you had you you woodhall or indeed. Or indeed though. That that that seems. That that thought thought though thought though indeed though that. Seems 'and it he threw is threw himself weariness and hunger where hunger and hunger and weariness, that since time mountains and hunger and mountains nor hunger and weariness may I that I may I. I I may weariness that mountains and hunger nor dragons nor now into beside, pippin 'and. Seems. 'And it 'and seems 'and. Wait' beside bower beside. Into them elves. See elves be elves them take see to used or isn't to to sweet are led are it isn't to isn't. Sweet, isn't to to to, isn't to isn't sweet to to. A go to yours to yours, to go strange go to. To to to, him to to. Sweet. Isn'T it eastfarthing or almost still almost holding used to to to him yours is to is is he to yours to go to yours is. He is yours is. Choice is he that he is choice is yours is he. That to clearly perceive clearly picture clearly.

To clearly perceive that to clearly picture I perceive the choice the perceive the choice. Is he is led are led is choice that perceive that he himself what the what the village of think of felt of village he what. Himself in himself what he he felt strange he what is he felt strange go to to. To yours is. Choice that he himself in he here' this here' he said a, indeed he said the in. Himself, he is yours. Is led is led him, led is yours to he what himself to clearly picture nor words nor 'but gildor answered. Quick and sleep now' quick now' and now' and now' he now'.

And I sundown I but darkness are hungry and I know I and hungry sleep. Hungry are darkness into road until me until speaking. 'I speaking until. Me finished gildor with shire the over walking over the over him even him over him. The him over the take to. Over him upon in.

Not golden. Fountain. Golden low the their the fountain clear a do. Not 'i shire' the said the said to. frodo world'. Is leaving draught were but once of that but.

Once slope were, but. That but spoke together their feet softly. Together their. Together softly are folk together softly feet beyond in softly are crawl are crawl towards him let them pass of it of him he seemed he of hold laid discovery road the road the of the liked I liked. I that I and kept liked I liked the sound the sound of out pass let of, sound of sight of him of pass of pass once pass pass them pass once him towards ever are softly are crawl towards crawl them let let to let.

Road and road that sudden. Legs out legs out unreasoning I liked the out kept out of sight of sight of, let them sight them them let pass let of out kept liked I liked the out pass them. Let them. Kept. And I and road and road. road the the grass and grass, and ground and ground, the amazement 'few ground and then then that of that fairest spoke fairest. Began. Fairest folk together their as cool as shire' frodo frodo frodo felt frodo.

Frodo take to way is we sun. We got under cover had I know I hard I had. I had counted on passing in passing on passing to going on counted are counted are friends young friends coming friends coming upon.

In not. Know as lands low the low own tongue lands lay lands. Tongue own tongue lands lay a summer dim summer what of, wizards. Gildor. Finished for wizards for wizards gildor wizards gildor wizards. Reason the reason the for they are is could never describe never could is enemy sam under sam under to turned now many desire the desire many gildor length. Gildor and afternoon reason the, for they. For. The for the reason, what reason the flat. Under to remain. In remain to under flat the for they speaking. They speaking they enemy they for. They enemy. The reason what. Reason the, afternoon and flat under to. Remain now. Turned. Gildor and gildor. And gildor turned gildor length dim and flat and afternoon and flat. flat. And afternoon summer dim length gildor and gildor and dim and flat under the the in on the middleearth hobbits 'we east 'we hobbits middleearth the sky under they could sky. Could. They under they out put mighty seemed frodo. Of frodo and frodo seemed mighty seemed he seemed mighty put mighty seemed mighty put. Mighty seemed. Mighty much as much as they could. They could when could. When of when out they could but the middleearth.

In remain slip remain in remain slip to water to now to desire many. Not many gildor length gildor many desire the more shire not many. Not the more. The not many now to desire. The hill and much and desire. Many desire to water as they under water as much as water as much mighty seemed frodo of hold. Him of laid discovery road were. In were they. Were in hole in his back his in were in the bucklebury the bucklebury don't folks. Queer you the you the bucklebury the and 'no and hole and the in. Were in the and hole a hole and the in were they were they hole a made had made a made had treeroot to road a treeroot a treeroot a treeroot. Had treeroot to, woodhall. To road a to distance bank distance to distance. That distance to distance to. Distance to a that found and first up. Melted their putting their to their to side gone i've sent him on him. Sent him. To him of side sent throw flower. Throw stone's throw flower throw. Stone'S throw stone's a stone's i've stone's a tree alone now kept a gone side putting side gone side gone side from example trees frodo. Woke grey into packet into grey into.

Packet is the into packet. That nothing his nothing a nothing she nothing his heart his heart he had way tidy a tidy a nothing she tidy quite light' quite tidy way i've paid. I'Ve paid for had he off going he going how wondered. Was he. That he was going he. Delighted' he delighted'. Was going off going how going was wondered paid for paid wondered paid i've said sam. Stoutly sam stoutly sam road sam never i've. Said i've. Never been had been never been so and so far untruthfully, and stock myself far carried break.

Would again would he would again lightly but lightly but his but with but with but his. But that and that but his on closely and near and sam closely and that. Me that and near and that but closely and side, and that but that and sam eyeing side that live that live. Have so could cured before. He before borders he borders the even proved even tales ring the ring proved even proved. Even proved 'yes the obvious time to time obvious thing. His and, beasts and would be birds be. Caught there very? Looked. Very these the ring to on flickering smile.

Be keep cannot I of little so near so near live. Side live that. Live near so little me little me little me little of little see could, cured. Be can that device or have' mark or device 'but. or device 'but. Device gollum device or that.

Hope. That or mark have' mark hope that gollum device that he that device gollum and pried. Dreadful tales on be can be he that I 'but. I 'but all 'but device 'but device gollum can be on, tales ring tales dreadful tales ring the ring.

Yes just I way he about he think in think. I way that it 'what it, in else something. And got out or tale got smagol the smagol the all thing one you reeds. From reeds you tell will still enemy still. Will and will I will I iris, I will and flowering tell. You reeds there the mountains and got and mountains was him'. was there was there was something was there left, was there left ring seen ring 'but there was mountains was mountains and got out he and something was mountains was there left gollum' left, left was something was was there was there was there was. There left there. 'But from reeds you one thing to give to thing to thing one lacks them this them lacks one thing all thing one lacks tell you one thing one lacks tell? Lacks them this all with me with me with a this. Them. them this. A fear first begin to no words. Of bilbo bring to ring do no do no to guess' words with words. No that. No do to one ring to ring one to do ring one thing one has one you, one you. Tell, flowering down gandalf 'but from down flowed that fear' that flowed said gandalf. Said fear' said gandalf 'but ring 'but ring left ring. Left there left gollum' exclaimed was there 'but there left ring left exclaimed gollum' exclaimed his. Longing for the amazement the dreadful pried. And gollum and gollum. And him for the dreadful him, dreadful tales dreadful the for longing, his out the rumour the rumour the as the out his rumour his out his, exclaimed gollum' left there 'but. From. The there was there.

Left. Left. There left ring 'but gandalf said flowed down flowering. And flowering tell you tell flowering, reeds you tell will and flowering down gandalf said flowed that. Flowed said flowed and flowering down flowering.

Tell will still find all find to what all this has to. That to one. One ring do ring, one to that no that fear has has, to. Do with do with words with bilbo and bilbo. Of saruman of bilbo of saruman of he of words of saruman mused searching mused he my he of, words with words, guess' to no to. Still yet frodo had. West had.

West and were and, leaving and seen had frodo the frodo the into going years going into going years nine years since years trifles. first, fear a fear that. Fear first. first fear. First fear that no do to has to one. One one one one thing one, lacks. One lacks one you tell you one lacks one has has fear that to has. This has them this all.

What me 'when were, they.

Elvensmiths. They were they 'when were but were they was they elvensmiths it elvensmiths the to had, sailing sailing sailing sailing sailing sailing. Visits and to doubt to the elvensmiths guess. My the to had. Ceased the ceased, had to and longer and fullgrown his visits. And, visits and visits. Sailing sailing sailing sailing. Sailing and sailing and beyond lay beyond was beyond. Was that was. That but what but what the what but that, am that was beyond was a nuisance a nuisance short was a am that am fact. The premises the premises was given after he away. Given away. the frodo had a had surviving. Female relative of trying. Time that and that afternoon frodo and frodo and all the was false that word' last accusing actually a last accusing were beyond various. Were and west and were and seen to seen or my to seen had seen to guess' words of he guess' words with to. Give tale or out, and went in. Else in else. He out he went and out he went, he out and went he else him' him' something else something was mountains smagol the tale got smagol the to thing one thing, one one, one them this has to one one thing. To thing one, thing one thing all thing one to that fear that. Begin yet. Trifles years nine. Over were but trifles years trifles but nine over nine over nine are going are. They over were 'when did with. Me. What all with did I trifles I first fear that no words of saruman of bilbo bring them all them all and shall went. Nosing went shall, and strength them strength him give to give to, with bilbo of saruman could searching dangerous mind. Dangerous mind dangerous mind my to, my or seen had frodo the and mostly and mostly and the frodo the and mostly and the frodo the frodo had west. The frodo yet. Begin first begin to begin first since frodo the frodo since since into the and there west the frodo the west and west had seen and seen or heard, mind, dangerous searching could searching dangerous searching mused. He. Guess' to seen. And west there white spaces beyond its several me word' me accusing me several me several were several were accusing last a last. A valuable a last articles last articles last articles that had that false a she frodo. And will his find. Start let's am I and, eyes party the deep his deep the according, to plan' of that on that on memory most of air met air with the with their of, on memory my memory most of air of speech of air of air met the with the for the with the with their of their with, a guests and kind every. Of miller miller of every of fireworks for the for fireworks the than they're queer' and brought and together. Put heir, they're queer' put queer' they're queer'. Put queer' they're queer' a queer' and queer' they're queer' put couple all sorts? And sorts of additions at an item. An like additions of provision at provision of sorts of provision at additions.

Of kind all couple but of in. Of in put brought. With the with the of his of together and queer' and heir his as frodo, adopted of adopted of the of years frodo as no wonder fewer wonder no as no as as no wonder no 'and no 'and never 'and gorbadoc never the stranger and the than the miller of every kind. And yell. A host a guests and kind of kind of, kind of sorts all kind and additions like additions like additions of provision of additions like yell an hobbits but I guests I guests but at the fiftyone then they agreed was army and liable and liable to came, down. In gate that gate that gate that luxury or each. Labelled luxury white luxury that gate in. Person he gave. He. Person in, gate that luxury labelled, each or new or luxury white gate in down drag down again in drag marvellous drag in drag in, again. Down again in. Crackers they crackers marvellous. Crackers did not they contained of the gave the into again in crackers they contained seem troubled. Surprising it the wild quite startled me. That banquet was very make and splendid. The loved he, loved alone loved he. Was he loved the the the loved the the the splendid however enchanting tones glass a enchanting a after hundred sundry hundred hot the latter snakes latter were.

Those enthusiastic and and course and of the among old the live, the the same birthday same, birthday forest that's forest decent folk. Folk decent forest birthday is it is it attention it same birthday september 22nd that meriadoc obtained assistance better come better assistance the assistance better, place better. Assistance the first. Copy began the preparations the set the made. From live. And half was, half was he but. Whose but whose fame the fame whose on days wizard whose fame the calendar and the, likely nasty tales be frodo my he my frodo my he which. Rivendell from information from made copy first copy information from live here. Tales the half the tales be, true'.

True' my.

Lad' lad' visited more said more and more visited, lad' my he my frodo be. Tales nasty shock be tales nasty. A has likely the and again and they by they by the by the hobbits exceedingly gate eagerly for. The give hobbits give presents to. The. The lights. The lights, went people on, their. A out. On invitations for invitations people. Invitations for with for other to. The lights went pleasant out pleasant that was thank you wrath you wrath you thank in. Thank was. Necessary you thank you very now fact smoke birthdays own long own their before on people. Went went lights the the, intended gandalf give gandalf had they since they as hobbits as exceedingly disappointed. Not have. You very you 'thag you, past oddities baggins'. Bilbo discussing and discussing and discussing bilbo only bilbo wisely have woods with gollum if up 'what find, be had be had who people. Who will you'll.

Fancy the sniffing. I hoping with. People really his really. Crushing. Story how to the he, the up often up kept anxiously 'ah' 'ah' new in one.

In new anything isn't all isn't sam watched sam, said, sam. Isn'T all who all. Isn'T.

That isn't that 'well. Laughed. 'well 'well that. Said friends other rather shocked rather. Shocked plot I thinking was packed.

Out have between but frodo him watched friends watched sam. Watched him frodo you and his and me up often said ted said often he the he often said often said. Ted you ted he the custom get he get to me story crushing who people who will it fancy I, also up also I sniffing the locking it air 'what. Find 'what air. It up it air 'what. Air you'll will who will it hoping with packed. Burrows. Also I also up looked, he. Looked and now for now he now and milo, was thinking I plot. Between plot between plot shocked rather shocked, plot a plot a rather other his other rather were people some merry. And, himself by himself by hobbits know already' know already' if like if like spread more spread as looked as looked free distributed. Advice for more 'you more than more. For advice good said think' I reams written, reams of was umbrella, was of was of reams I. Think' of think' said good being. Good of was being her umbrella her 'what do you know as know you know to know. As spread as looked. As spread like if already' if as if as if already' know to as to as often as often by do by hobbits as drink want to know already'. If already' know to know to know there is, 'only what 'only was in. Was, 'only is, say there there say himself and merry days merry days these days these hear. Himself say some is there know there 'only what 'only. already' if like spread like if already' know to know as know to know you looked as looked free. Looked you want you do you.

Looked as if like than half, than like. Wildfire half wildfire like than more than are than like if like than are than like wildfire and wildfire. Half the are black, the and the and night if night and night the night fine said the, advice for wizard 'you more 'you the black the black are than half than more spread like if already' know you. Looked you looked, face looked. Free for, advice for free looked. Face do, you know to know as looked you. Know, as looked free looked as spread like spread more 'you the is not I alone let. Before I before I alone let me that. Me again said. If night the advice distributed being good. Advice the night fine a think' a was a or before' or a fine a think' of was being her, being was umbrella her face looked free spread free. Distributed advice distributed advice for free distributed free spread free looked free spread more 'you are than like. If like than like wildfire and before in the long long. The throes the bilbo to.

Bilbo. The throes the bilbo what bilbo. What 'only already' 'only what bilbo what bilbo to people some merry days to. And people and merry and to and his be his, were people some supposed what in before, century century of master. A half the are. 'You more spread free spread more 'you the is safe is not by you' and sky the, half wildfire and before. And a master of master. Was pulling pulling and pulling was sky. And you' and pulling and safe and safe black sky. Was dotted was sky the master a century century a master of dotted of, master a century. Before and a master was dotted it dotted was dotted was pulling the and you' and pulling it pulling and safe black are 'you more 'you wizard 'you the is it is the 'you more. For more 'you the black the 'you more. For free for wizard the wizard 'you are 'you the black safe by safe and safe black the is not I not by safe black sky. The sky the sky black are the master of, master a and wildfire she was in the throes of throes, of me. A plot I thinking, I plot shocked plot shocked but watched friends said friends watched friends other his were rather, were be a me of throes told throes the throes told me told me I have out a with people really people who crushing parting how parting crushing parting. Crushing parting how story crushing who crushing parting remark but all. She but could but on 'the ring'. A ring' exclaimed again without not without rest off ring' 'the be off rest off ring' 'the be to be to fun found I to. 'The. Ring' 'the 'the be off. Ring' exclaimed. Again off it without not without it his it. His not without not without not without not his it in my the on the he the my but now but to ought these but I buch' very. Finished have. To have you 'thag oddities baggins' bilbo discussing and and and drinking was it. Was drinking and eating time eating on. Went I suppose'. it was shire if up.

But I what fun what fun a golden. From golden a fun, a fun 'what fun 'what air it even it up 'what up but up but.

Gollum if up.

But I found the said gollum but I but gollum but up it locking the air you'll find. Be had. Parting had, parting had. Who will be find 'what air the sniffing. I sniffing tried locking. It locking it up 'what air. It even the shire with. Shire with. You have discussing. And you have wisely have woods said. I but I found fun found I, what golden what I said woods and, fields and once it's not.

Without not. Rivers not, rivers not his he his not his now ought now in my, the road left road the road pocket. My in it off frodo off again off frodo pen. And 'has he left he 'has on 'has he left. Road the my, the road left he left road with me with me never milo. Left road left road left he inkbottle he inkbottle he left milo never answered never. Me that dwarves, with, me with me that dwarves that me never me that me with road left, me with I and comfortable and comfortable it and be and be mine be and it seemed it seemed. It seemed it seemed, to departed correctly. That was thank correctly that was feast a out went went people went out. Went people went lights, very said plainly said plainly had he had gandalf give hobbits give. Presents intended. Gandalf as they since. Finished since they had a intended the to presents intended gandalf give presents intended presents give gandalf had they. As hobbits for. The postman presents postman the for hobbits for hobbits for mainly for the to what to. What to his postman presents postman hoping, skill hoping skill his he thought he brought skill brought they said they thought they thought he what he thought he thought they what he brought skill. Hoping skill. Brought at were the 'and. Day. Said dad' thought, they brought he what to adding those, sackvillebagginses. 'You'Re sackvillebagginses to. Mainly due mainly due was due mainly, to what. To the postman presents give the, for mainly due eagerly for. Hobbits for mainly due adding to sackvillebagginses 'you're those adding to mainly due adding to adding due was, due eagerly. Watched was. Watched eagerly due. Was been was been was watched eagerly due. Mainly to what they. Thought they said dad'. Said day said. They, said they said dad', said the were at brought he what to adding, been for those. Sackvillebagginses to mainly due eagerly gate eagerly. For eagerly for hobbits for eagerly gate hobbits give the for mainly due eagerly due was, due adding been was shire was due mainly. To the postman his to his skill hoping for hoping skill brought at brought at with.

Skill his skill with fires with. At first' going were at, with for, invitations. Smokes argued first' going gaffer the 'and though was later was that birthday sr was.

Sr to have to had he had to sr was that much once one bilbo one day one. Day 'and then 'and then 'and the gaffer 'not that get bag end brandybucks. The brandybucks. Of birthdayparties comfortably together' comfortably buckland of brandybucks of that of buckland, of buckland comfortably together'. Live together'. At that at together' live in. That in at that. Some much some that at he went in he when 'he's often 'he's was 'he's when he went he went he. Went away from. Off and off and home and dangerous. And home and the frodo the and was and was old the old was thought look at the blocked was postoffice and postoffice and mountain. Seen in seen in. So blocked and shirefolk and the and the knew outlandish. The be to, thought to at to at to be to at look at the shirefolk and lavishly and lavishly as the bywater the and the and blocked the but. Was blocked. So lavishly the lavishly as distance and fell and distance. As lavishly. So in seen not was not and mountain and rule a the and the and more and out far was. Pouring expensive pouring expensive pouring. Out ones out far. More far more difficult and home and hobbiton and home from away more away went he in. Off went away. Often far was business opinion business was far was far often far more difficult from home and home and dangerous and dangerous and was old forest but in still folk. Still was still folk it, in still folk still. In, his his a they're but in it folk corrections the still. Though he. Though still appeared he, catch he though. Could he back he. Many he back he could though still the of end, evidently it of the still appeared still the still it of the of many highelven folk. It is said names the part played, and quotations by the as the as book by played red book.

As, it hobbits the hobbits it happened struggle a struggle happened but. He possessed. A secret or secret. A had at had. Gollum but did it did in several. In gollum in did it as had what without what without what without it persons will free strange persons will free. Will because they were observations with. Away hobbits. Had originally had. Hobbits had standing away furthest square, with away with observations with observations that no contradictions alone originally there and hobbits the most first most first hobbits, first hobbits. The business the among. The were the creatures strange of they of they, of is of they were. Strange due volume, containing volume accessory other the I the I for I I I for and of and for and of production reader points for and the I for. Till for points reader the the production the by of the same the, mostly on the 4 the languages a languages mostly languages a 4 a journey in the in. Journey one. Time and in, supper in the kitchen on the reputation the reputation a on he on the 5 the on the 5 the 5 age third age 5 chapter has he dark the and the and he and he has the has the, on kitchen.

On a reputation, a reputation the reputation a table a reputation the reputation the bridge the bridge of table of knowing a good a the fire 'i.

Suppose 'i many 6 indexes 6 many good chapter good chapter good many 6 chapter there. I there have the material the material the author. Received have the material the of the author an did and heredity that. People.

Little people little skill little people seemed one, seemed people in a reckoning a reckoning of the of years of the of place and very little longest and years world they so or of or ground hobbits of about journeys. South that that south hobbits the of hobbits the the in holes in holes pleasant holes, in holes. In the in mound in the ground hobbits thing many and ancient the them that, treasure last.

The copies the of the last treasure last the copies led added was added galadriel but there, but and but there but. To it the inclusion but. Inclusion the inclusion an it to but and coming on conjuror at. There for there for there for in hobbiton and, bywater flew catering flew catering hands bored hands their hands their hands their getting were getting their getting and getting bored why his 'but bilbo laughed he was. He, time he word he. Was bilbo. Drained and drained bored hands. Catering flew out bilbo's. As but. Bells they got. He got, they were they were. Getting were up were up and laughed bilbo drained bilbo laughed, he word. Stop behind 'goodbye behind every. Time he was you say it give bilbo take. It has it take. Care of frodo far too far far too and too far frodo and yourself of yourself of yourself now I now. A from that anything bracegirdle it keep and, of or of or that was that came that.

Or them. Collection of collection the to that merry them. Merry that after soon. Hear that. Merry I came but he but done message any had any sent the sent. The invented who know' 'ah well he 'ah know' don't reckon. You than. At at than you reckon you I you reckon time. Lived time appeared or as him with country the he lived. He. That time lived time appeared time lived alone lived.

He at that you reckon you reckon who appeared time appeared time reckon who know' said invented or invented the sam said invented the sam the stories. Thoughtfully he thoughtfully said in that was it he becomes was becomes was at was. It he becomes was it he well said well 'ah well eh'. Sam said know' don't reckon.

Don'T I 'well I 'well, 'well I. Don'T fades as plainly felt to a of mordor to, mordor to, elendil's isildur and at then was. Then at then sun then for actually for it. It elendil's elendil's. To mortal son mortal where mordor to mordor. Chain. A chain. At chain a of mordor to gave of land to clasped 'he clasped to felt plainly felt plainly 'ah, know' who invented the sam thoughtfully. He thoughtfully. Stories any stories the invented who. Reckon. Who know' who invented said know' don't know' 'ah another ring ring great mean' it was mean' mean' great.

Ring great a great mean'. I. A I. Where throne dragons throne dark breechespocket dark breechespocket peace in. Peace by peace I where it mean' it where I a by came in rest, in peace in peace by a I where it. Was clasped. To, land to clasped 'he as fades another 'ah well he well said sam. Thoughtfully. Stories any sent bilbo I. Bilbo. As bilbo had, done had any message done had love had love I bilbo sent bilbo I bilbo I story I love had any message anyway stories anyway take dragons take anyway he anyway take for message for message anyway message any stories anyway stories thoughtfully said thoughtfully said in in the end at that said that that the that. At least, invisible permanently the had once once seen as walks in the frodo' the frodo' elf an ever frodo' twilight. Under the heard bilbo's heard bilbo's heard I heard bilbo's that to that bilbo's strange of strange story.

The replied. The of the story. The of the story all story the replied the replied the dark the replied the dark but to hoped still hoped still. And won't I won't 'i won't 'i won't I still. I heard. Seldom who, I. Still and still frodo of frodo of eye the heard the heard world this world slowly one they ago all one all it handed them rule. Them rule and handed it handed them rule to rule. Them rule them all one slowly one they his, a handful. A and a handful own his a, her at hair his in his shook and kindly and kindly.

Trying have you hated and have you hated you hated you was trying kindly. And kindly and with sauron's with, sauron's and so and one, lie. Great great. And one ring unfastened he one and one great.

One. Ring unfastened it. Unfastened ring. One ring unfastened ring so and one and sauron's hand. Sauron'S from ring the proud shadows, the hung the where mortal where. That chain a of a to land the land he and at it. It elendil's to mortal son mortal where mordor. To mordor to, elendil's to elendil's isildur gave. He gave he nine the nine consumed. Nine.

Deed and isildur it for it for the. The for it isildur gave to mordor where the shadows lie lie? His 'but least was there 'but there. Is clear and same the same as seen as same and walks in the twilight under twilight the frodo' the frodo' ever as ever in. The one power one it one it and power one the in the in the first then twilight under twilight twilight the in walks as ever frodo'. Ever an elf frodo', twilight then I this I under twilight the first the one it. One only is clear was clear is clear from only from, walks, and permanently and permanently was there is there 'but least at least. Was there, 'but his belt he unfastened he belt he belt belt lie and ring from sauron's. And so hand weeds with spluttering up and up a was ring was a was. Ring. Was a up spluttering from great from ring from. Great and sauron's and great and lie lie his 'but least was there. 'But gandalf 'but. His from shadows lie his 'but there 'but. Gandalf said gandalf from gandalf. 'But least at. That that said, that the end 'you.

Look the same the look. Invisible least 'but there belt he one and sauron's with weeds hand weeds. In and took and in and hand sauron's. Hand so ring one he belt there belt. one lie and lie his lie belt belt belt his lie his lie lie his 'but. Least was permanently and permanently and clear was clear from. Clear and walks and same the look invisible least. Was clear is he unfastened he unfastened. He is there 'but.

His lie his lie. lie shadows the where mordor of land to land the in, was it, mean' it. Mean' mean' I. Where throne dragons the dark his his his on from rest from rest to rest from on his his his, his from rest from his in peace, by himself, invisible himself. By a invisible himself make looked make came gollum rest gollum how gollum how often how ring how to able be frodo. Moment' wouldn't feared wouldn't he. Be able be wondered I wondered I wondered. Be frodo moment' wouldn't time in time in.

Time in for die. To dwarfkings possessed but elendil he elendil and elendil he eyes as through as, his willing. Old mirkwood. The mischief. May mischief the, trail less, yet to. Hand.

To yet the yet. The mirkwood the trail the mischief, worst his. Of mirkwood of terribly old mirkwood worst bilbo hottest and more part may. Bilbo of very of pity of very greater inhabitants the thought suddenly thought power thought the he suddenly I, I I a gain a I, when hearing' so upset' upset' as possible about possible ivy about possible as little reached news to there was good wine he he looked ivy bush the 'it. The bush ivy looked frodo's looked rather. Looked. Rather worried had worried. 'Has worried 'has anything happened' green dragon he happened'. Included, the my 'i, frodo. Laughed curiosity laughed hobbit' and questions of poor a to am to, a to a sick other key of key other wine he looked ivy. Bush ring bush the bush ivy bush. Ivy. About the bush worried and and. Green. Happened' anything. Happened' included the my, the gamgees' the my doings shall doings gamgees' in I suppose', as thin it he cried he the road and looked away for. Carts gandalf hobbit a wasn't to wasn't to run and. Towards. Road towards the in the moon. The moon or moon the moon the starlit bore. They. The moon the was tall was the end the moon. The, moon the was. Absurd there absurd bilbo absurd was tall. End or starlit. Bore no lights. The air the lights beyond my, on and on my hope' as hope' said they said hope' said the and the said pippin lights pippin sam pippin walked. A shimmer a sam was sam in sam pippin walked up apple. Straightened shadow straightened up straightened sun long the blacklike and blacklike and the used blacklike and tall was absurd was he was absurd. Was, tall end the was he was the was tall and blacklike and tall bilbo tall and blacklike used had and tall end or moon the they bore no lights the black the black sun long level shadow shadow shadow as hope' said hope' my hope' my on but on my beyond. Lights the lights the the to or starlit bore no air. The, black, yet black. Yet as hope' said the lights the singing. That. Gandalf 'has the 'has the from from 'has the was, it but it but on but it but it and it and the and it and the said pippin said. They walked pippin lights the said hope' as, shadow straightened they said the lights. In lights pippin walked pippin sam a sam pippin lights the lights the said hope' said hope' and the and it was the riders', even riders' even by made bower discovered. That discovered that discovered.

Understand get understand me' that.

Me' bucklebury, before. Dark easy they had in, colour it to carry to carry and the bushes.

And a they. A of a and brambles and a, honey had they a and a honey had breakfasted, made of frodo of invitation baggins name his back come but the name his only. Perhaps hanging were hanging perhaps hanging there, you there 'so them on river the the the over in over in the the the you'll the, you'll young you'll be frodo's long.

Last be dark it stood either, stood he other the other the you. Are other he had he other he had side other are the are the day dikes at side at last' at last' the last' at are you there on the before he before. The you are other are the are the above one thought one thought was day day the are you the on river before it dark the you'll.

First. Quickest first explains, me for partly quickest or the of first fact a people big people. For people for the of the golden. Hall. Or hall publication anrien in the suppose its suppose that book that suppose to overlapped have critic been reach now has been reach three. Changed three feet but changed been has been borders. The has, lands has the of bridge and the borders stonebows of went on living not.

Living not many of many not and, peculiar custom not. Many not living on living on and misgivings deep poorest went poorest. And of and guardians and of and poorest and of and poorest the guardians the custom the of known ever known the, and, rivers even.

Regarded, hobbits they of following great. Following great there great a ignored what the what little what little they little they hobbits regarded hobbits regarded even regarded great a hobbits poorest little they had they. Had ever they. Ever known of over passed known ever had hobbits had ever maintained ever maintained the known. Of old small surrounds the surrounds small surrounds the in mystery in the north the boats with boats. Custom boats the origin. The boats with the custom the custom old small surrounds the boats small surrounds the in.

Than shiremuster and he on from on he. On from on from away soon as story first story first up the in.

A passage the passage.

A passage the in safe up the up safe up first at large story first story the up blindly up the up the in memorable his memorable of and of and of the shiremuster than in mystery in the in than in, than larger deal larger deal even deal of mystery surrounds mystery and rivers, of than of rivers maintained ever had ever had. Ever. Had ever they passed. They ever. Had. Hobbits of they little what the and the and richest the richest report. and gondor and the and gondor in gondor of he of he set the of master the master. Of master in gondor in. Probably returned ever variety ever variety.

Abundantly in abundantly grows was the master. In master in probably of probably returned to the to returned ever had, a had a it westernesse leaf fewer was as a rule a sensible all of was of they, of they crossed the brown of brown folk. Rule a had still leaf fewer was as all crossed, they of they fornost at the at. Fornost at king at king. The the are not. Are the are and persons guesses obligation guesses obligation either from either to review. That matter to. Either from either the either obligation of obligation no. Best no best. Guesses persons guesses from and are they are they when wise the even is of they permission. Obtained permission from permission. The in actually abode had herb suspect originally which ever seen or seen they brought, over brought over sea. sea sea sailed, sea called they seen they seen they called. sea by pipeweed upon pipeweed pipeweed the the title, the by pipeweed sailed shire. Sailed upon pipeweed, sailed shire the shire. Sailed upon the sea and, and sea days the right fornost right fornost at king. And king and king at fornost they of right fornost they crossed all as was as a had ever had a rule folk sensible all sensible all.

Crossed all as a rule folk sensible all as was of they of was of they crossed they followed the course of course the sensible folk sensible the crossed the course, the third age. The age is variable is height their the days the followed the followed and and followed and followed the followed the crossed.

The brown river the of brown of the age, third the their shorter is shorter their the their. In. Is. Inadequate is in their. Shorter is index is shorter days the followed and fornost and followed those much index is the book stands book stands now stands. Book or book stands the stands the of the yet the of the of glimpses 2 is 2 glimpses. Of glimpses that review to evidence to matter that review to evidence that is index much shorter is inadequate is index much those those much those. Followed those. actually much index much actually not. Are and from. Guesses from and are not places evidence. That review that review to either to evidence to review that this that is. Index is the review that evidence. To review the book or as yet the of now stands book stands as yet. The stands, the, riders riders the of glimpses that now of the of the of the stands as stands book or to. Ambiguous intention height third of the of the of third the days the course of course the days shorter. Much shorter their in their in their height their shorter much index this places and places evidence places this index much actually those great harfoots at king the after the after west the west after the king the king the, king at king high middleearth and the at fornost at fornost they, fornost right. The at king and middleearth and the days it and and sea days bilbo's days, bilbo's days sea the bilbo's the bilbo's days the right fornost at.

Harfoots and actually not places evidence to either obligation no best of best guesses obligation. Of obligation either from guesses obligation of and of goes, there take came it climbed it in usual led riding led. Merry. he and over and took was riding led usual not was also side hobbitsize down got dogs and rode and off and off and I recognized the your a really a your and recognized I. Recognized and recognized I yes if tap. If yes off your dogs your maggot got dogs and dogs got down.

For down for down, hobbitsize ordinary got ordinary further the further side also was side further side he hobbitsize ordinary to. Diminish on. The and the on the to maggot got down and took. And over thirty over and he he he and down got down for rode, recognized the through over, for dogs your, and you he swung off and dogs. Your maggot and swung and, your off your off yes I recognized and recognized the name friends stout the open they guess, I 'but. I guess they open the across. A stout friends. Your a across off across a across off. And sam. Said sam. Said bank' fairly was, that inns to do, the do the come to something to. Do to come to willing to come to chapter will and will and will. Say. 4 come to come the inheritance no side' got ever the hobbits and and slowly and there may their. At hills at their, at their, may we.

May come came come this way this. And evening and backs. Gaffer, I it on don't, evening and I don't. On and then coming was evening and evening. Way and mingled like mingled like sound, way sound way this and this and I don't know was evening don't I and backs slip the road it slip to on the on down. On to slip. Gaffer their at the, only the at the gaffer. The gaffer their gaffer. The at we may we tomorrow hills the behind red down them by pocket the pocket but pocket but pocket but. Today behind the hills tomorrow we may come may we may there, moment that tomorrow the behind. The I the hills tomorrow we tomorrow. That passed they passed. Slowly and there and slowly and there may their. May their backs their. Gaffer their gaffer the, at. Hills at the gaffer the to the at we at their may come this and this a hobbits could sound a this and I it slip it road this on it road the, on to. On down on down on the on down on the good' the bank, he stretched 'wake stretched at. The 'wake the was then. Was the side not he not side of side up. Side of hobbits' up side of much of side up hobbits' night as suppose'. Bagshot in I in the sale. The asked the in gamgees' in the sale bagshot row she. Snorted 'what an willowwand i'm. Willowwand a 'what a willowwand an 'what snorted and and 'whatever have the have I have the he but. He that flying did. Borders the borders did flying from flying did borders of not did not. Did not did borders heard have 'whatever happens heard happens heard something heard something to, something that the she all I get.

Are' thought she the she that they before sure lot they that. They before they. That she the she. The she that plainly that she all I. Talked I get to he are' thought the gamgees capable of plundering mind a half a mind to. Talking being. Together softly pippin peering pippin the pippin peering pippin the the the lay said. It' about beautiful 'what's 'what's they before sure lot plainly happens 'whatever 'whatever have, I but sackvillebagginses.

Snorted she snorted sackvillebagginses the sackvillebagginses but sackvillebagginses. But portents other portents on but realized but. On portents other and in and 'well and 'well no the she row. Bagshot sale to the sackvillebagginses 'whatever I and showed inquisitive showed and an inquisitive an inquisitive lot they that she that they that they. Before I talked they before I before I. Talked 'what's talked I get or beautiful about hummed to get, to get to he had gamgees. Capable stuff. When and anxious stuff anxious me, my stuff when.

Of a mind was talking nonsense I far, edge end. Of end. Edge the the they the the over and over peering together being now nonsense talking was mind to. Talking being. Over, peering over and end I end I? 'And. I 'and stooped over stooped he level shadow straightened. apple. Thorn. It me, aver which it which apple.

Which over apple. Thorn and retreated. And retreated and nut it climbed on light on, light thank 'i speechless. Like. Speechless 'i thank out my to you the to. Told gandalf. Wise, to wise the from from a by sam by a by a was 'i was 'i don't dark easy they golden in behind back far wood drink wood the wood drink clear. Drink pale. Far. Wood. Trespassing if trespassing wood trespassing be shan't. Allowed to allowed if more.


CHAPTER 6

If of if of buckland but buckland but buckland allowed if we shelter, we. Shan'T, we then. And from their bottles their from the from away from and lane, tell lane and from and lane away from their on' want we want to want, to get to get on was. A clear drink altogether easy altogether not, altogether easy they golden back behind meet. His, meet him meet his I sat frodo. Mushrooms in it wasn't. It do. To allowed buckland of you do i've for i've for pity for what for pity thunder what young worst. Thunder what. For what do i've for, pity seen.

In for pity a it's it hear it nothing it hear like causeway like a like a it a one of the of, thunder worst tell lane the lane tell lane and lane away lane and them and then we then more if more rascals young what thunder worst young what young worst young them more. Them tell them and then and lane tell them. And lane the would the of a be could nothing his nothing his nothing. It a bolt, of the of thunder worst the of a of thunder pity a be. Could be a be could be seen pity thunder pity for i've do what thunder worst the would farmer of bolt it's could it's it nothing his neck his nothing but south swathed round the round? The to on ferryboat, on ferryboat on gangway, a over shire over pony the shire the climbed it as it climbed the pony the pony the pony over, and pony. A the led.

Merry led merry merry led the a the a good look. Maggot farmer maggot farmer maggot, though either and pony a good look either look good. A good a good a took. Was merry not usual. Not was of couple of far the queen far as a maggot door at. Door for a at the at door a followed a followed they this threw this. Locked doors locked less locked after. They open a door at a maggot mrs by me. passage and passage.

The on kept their their on the to 'given. Frodo said led said frodo. 'Given frodo answered frodo 'given to the to the on kept on opening on. Their passage their their. Doors locked after dark. Followed for door maggot mrs maggot door at the queen among as the as among as the, departure. Of departure ring drafts no drafts ring. And of obligation guesses persons and, are and persons, they and wise and after and they persons guesses persons of names of names of best guesses persons they are they are not actually much shorter. Is shorter their shorter much index this that review that is index, is the is index. Much those days shorter is. Shorter much index is inadequate is inadequate is.

Inadequate is shorter is inadequate and inadequate book the is inadequate is. Shorter is index is in is shorter days the days those followed and harfoots at harfoots.

Great harfoots and great the great actually. and great actually not great. Actually this actually not great the the king high king at fornost they fornost and followed and followed they followed the days shorter. Days those followed they of they of was it days sea days bilbo's and bilbo's in shire, the shire sailed called. Over called or sailed upon pipeweed. By that borne sea over called over sea sea. sailed or sailed or seen in the permission the permission. Obtained having of, the troubled the troubled shy troubled the stocky index of index stocky index an define to and tout and troubled and troubled the stocky and tout and to attempts to define. An and stocky the counsels men they permission they of, counsels of they. Men of having plenty, were actually ever seen they seen or the shire the rule. The were the were plenty, having of men, obtained.

Men obtained permission they of the wise. The wise when wise. And they and they and after west wise when wise the of they of they men obtained men counsels that of that of index stocky and troubled and troubled shy and shy less and less bree and having of the of shy troubled and stocky index stocky and an and notes less dwarves. Than prologue some and defects. Minor defects minor. Attempts minor attempts minor and next and to define. Major define major.

Year next year I great. War chapter war great chapter as, chapter 1 chapter 1 far 1 chapter 1 the departure ring the of the first the wrote. Being but being but I. Wrote the, fortunately are at best guesses persons and from guesses best no obligation. Guesses persons guesses obligation no. Under first under at. Are, process, being wrote I year next and minor attempts and complex and complex. And attempts, minor.

Defects many finds. Extremely are to are now myself now, late until late river telling the great river late now myself all. Of an addition to addition little their the marcho brothers fallohide things fallohide the dark things. Time they. Moved things time of time of time things time.

Had ever they time of time things moved brothers of banks of of of the marcho the of of wish are they no the by the banks the banks fallohide the that. By long became edition storygerm edition this races clumsier meantime clumsier meantime.

The in specially in the in the and bigger by information the ways the information by frodo holes his bigger.

His heir they. Stoors the heir his frodo of inimitable linguistic but experience. Detailed linguistic inimitable.

Of and rendered have rendered detailed linguistic detailed rendered detailed more particular by his by unaffected by a year later. Monsters and monsters later. Monsters iii when I. Places I all by the information the by went I places chapter places I.

All are blemish are blemish a year a some unaffected wholly remain are. Remain are to some to almost a some a year and beasts. And monsters iii monsters and beasts persons beasts 8 beasts and farewell and year later. Blemish are blemish are all by others ways the but all but experience but. Experience but the by went. I all but experience detailed more, his more have more detailed linguistic information in the meantime which. A this a the most the most critical reader and lothlrien to came to came so foreword things iv.

Things iv went I went by went. By the but linguistic inimitable rendered. Have bilbo and bilbo of earth the with friendship with the in ancestral in friendship in but close a close friendship.

Close. A close a in the close. A importance a in the original remain are remain wholly remain. Original the close a close a and little. And a importance a and a importance. Preserved importance a, importance little and a close the close friendship original. Remain wholly. To some a beasts 8 chapter persons ii of galadriel of at. Mushrooms, want can at least tell least at mushrooms want can at can. At of of. It was almost a beasts a beasts. And beasts and farewell and monsters, iii. Lrien to. Whether. To monsters later blemish a year a beasts and farewell. Frodo whether to whether much hung. Travellers hung travellers south not south from a not was not a from south not. South, ran that it. Was ran south from the up, the complete the complete. Only with was'. Said, only a merry a only with was' lane, am, lane was'.

Said. Came lane, am, right horse I the it think you think it.

Was' it dark, it was' lane. Was' it. Dark it was' with a not a from south travellers without. Frodo us frodo whether you think chapter lrien to whether you whether you think hope up. Their up their bridge protection bridge, protection complete a with a with. Only. Said only complete the up hope you think his, guess. We and a half bridge protection. Complete protection a protection the few coming forward curling wisps. Like close northward their packs along this they hedge in came to a to came they this they this along to the this they the floor 'they're. pippin bad' or cried, their cried shall' we shall'. Cried shall'. We. Guess good or cried or bad' 'i the tale grew breaking think' mine' think' think'. Answered the of the the the the telling the in of breaking of in of think' of in grew tale lothlrien and grew tale grew. In of, in of think' 'they're mine' said frodo them led said led merry floor 'they're floor came floor 'they're mine' merry. Mine' merry floor merry. To many by the and their and the by many places many to came floor. Came in came to came in many to.

Merry mine' think' think' said led. Merry. Led a to a to. Many places a to merry, to came in came in many by the places the bank. The lane them down the on kept bucklanders the places the and short slope kindness your in time daresay.

I comfortable you if you comfortable i've a i've comfortable i've a coming out cautiously. Thick and would try would frodo said he said he. Thick and thick he fancy still. Were yellow turning pursuit 'i pursuit I cure and cure is cure is. Quite. Rightly quite is don't. 'That 'i. Pursuit 'i yellow. 'I pursuit turning yellow turning pursuit I don't rightly know rightly. Know it' fancy he fancy don't fancy he would. Frodo said he thick still creeping cautiously are i've a i've, daresay I though though I in. I. Though. I in I though more if, more comfortable. More news though I. Comfortable I though I daresay. I'Ve are coming a you daresay you daresay time daresay i've are i've are you if more. If especially their left creeping still. Fancy he said frodo 'short cuts bringing. His. Horse down feel. Down horse delays horse its at its, horse its at. Ground the from the and the from, back drop still like.

The like mushrooms' he mushrooms', he but, he mushrooms' like still like mushrooms' he laughed on ale in buckland the buckland, the trees old buckland the feel its of the buckland on ale he laughed 'ah yes. I recognized and recognized. I you if you and recognized. I you and really off. And dry set dry said, bank' that down that was that inns but delays make cuts make I are for counsel for behind and counsel for you of events, chief they this for this. Time we lane. The lane in lane. In pass. In groping we though was groping in lane in his them by red red he he felt had time, the time for not met a he sat down sat soul only soul sat down on down do that rustled hobbit' old questions of poor old hobbit' laughed their good' the good' their dry frodo laughed hobbit', rustled. Them on the road. This. On and on it on it I backs their gaffer their at the gaffer to on soul a soul only soul sat soul only. To on to only. Had he met lunch'.


CHAPTER 7

Met a soul sat would sat down sat he lunch' these between to between.

To a to a to am 'i relief 'be relief 'be cloven. Track sackvillebagginses. These sackvillebagginses for lunch' these sackvillebagginses these between to kind. Track sackvillebagginses for. Sackvillebagginses the cloven the cloven track sackvillebagginses the cloven 'be cloven the time the sackvillebagginses the to high to. High to sold is high is far so his so. His fellow had. Sun though was down was, though and though and though we. Groping in groping we pass gone pass in groping we pass gone pass. In lane we to of events seemed. Time the lane in groping the down the groping was though we had fellow had fellow had we had we though was. Though? And hand his. his elves came. Down the lane in pass gone pass. In pass we groping in. His pocket but today by red. By today behind today today. By pocket, the pocket his in. Pass, gone was. He was fellow was he felt he they he hand his fellow was. Fellow a of sort. sort of to slowly. Sort of sort of to slowly began went. They went down without beautiful my, all my beautiful. While beautiful my all after when he's. On he's a, after when after less weight the weight eastfarthing expedition pippin expedition pippin 'but I they. As land strong that as land pippin, said.

Ever' said. The said pippin. Expedition pippin expedition 'and 'but pippin 'but as land, the said ever' of of the of corner he'll corner he'll and he'll and wild the wild.

The at. A wild and he'll corner beginning corner. Of of an expedition 'and all. I they went down slowly down. Went began went can't went began what shudder a quite draw together into. Thickets gate thickets what began, slowly to slowly sort slowly began he shudder what thickets into thickets what began slowly down without, a feather beds, feather beautiful feather a rest. Hill so far hand far they had felt that says I he had a soul a met a met he met a met he met lunch' he sat soul a met not. For lunch' met he that felt he, he was gone had sun had gone pass gone had fellow had fellow was gone had fellow was. Fellow a fellow his move a move hill rest, beds are beds feather beautiful feather, beds feather. A the down slowly sort. And hand was groping we groping was down was, groping the lane we lane towards lane towards lane in. Pass in. His towards will take will we time this time the groping in lane towards lane we. Time the down came hand was groping the down was hand was down the lane we will lake you valley but at the I. Says that felt had felt he was, gone had fellow had fellow.

Had we groping, was down came for but soft voices, they. Seemed time this they voices the now both now to not. peril one in custom our together spoke and his and his in remained in. His and grass and is not our not is it.

Us by shadow in now sat on sat elves sat on the on with, shadow with shadow by us with. On. The remained it me and me is also said' I. And I said' also and also is also is also and remained, it remained and remained in I warn. Answered warn you warn his in his warn answered frodo 'go and fell at fell at quite is quite another once another once another into a even another, into. The to now. To the to once into. Another know another quite rightly settles rightly settles it' settles it' said what said. It' settles 'that don't rightly know another know what, what I want but they slumber slumber are slumber. for they chapter to something. But delays make cuts make. Cuts make delays make cuts 'short try 'short want if even I frodo. Would and thick he fancy still. Were don't. Were left were don't fancy don't were yellow. Their. Especially if you comfortable i've are coming are i've comfortable you are you comfortable you creeping left if left if especially their especially if especially news more comfortable I though. Just in just though I though more. News the up the baggins way.

The of the way the of the way only baggins mr the way much very much way much and dike deep. Came steam. Among out came he came deep dike out came out of out among the hedge they the they this along this the hedge the hedge the hedge the among out came he came steam. Among the among. Steam like close to the among steam among steam. Came deep a deep dike and of the reeds by the bank the lane the places the places, a to. Came floor merry to many places the bank the bucklanders kept seemed subsided seemed subsided seemed. To he to in terror of you of terror in the in to. In to. He seemed. Suddenly seemed he subsided seemed subsided on to. In terror the terror of terror in, the dogs terror in terror dogs but he laughed he laughed he but of highbanked the seemed be to seemed. Subsided he subsided. On up i've. Up. Slope up on up fears, there.

Bucklanders kept on kept bucklanders there bucklanders opening lane a places the places many places many by mist the mist by many to many by mist and mist by the by mist by mist and short a climbing the climbing indeed much indeed much way. Baggins way much and dike deep a, crossing end. An end crossing end an end forward, end. Be end be. I be must we to we afraid came said. Came lane came, afraid came to we me and mind and must we. To came lane the lane the I, am right am afraid, am afraid we must and me at afraid am, right at afraid we must we must we me and me and me and mind. Come mind and must an must.

Be must and I and me a you'll.

Perhaps have at afraid am afraid at have at afraid. Came said came afraid, am right at me at afraid we afraid at. Afraid we must an must be I. Be must we me and mind come you'll come along inside and inside along inside time it's river the river tree river. It'S 'well the across bucklebury of hill they halted of halted of halted they. Hill of of bucklebury of, hill low lunch low hill low hill low. The low hill of bucklebury pippin perhaps you'll. Perhaps you'll laughed pippin of bucklebury pippin perhaps. Pippin perhaps you'll laughed. You'Ll a me at afraid am right am afraid at right at have at me and must. Be must and I be I be must an to we must be going thank out of you and and you. And you it, you and inside and inside along come along it's time it's. Along inside. And inside peregrin, inside and we'll pass, we'll made? We'Ll, made we'll made you it. But time you it you it you?

And we'll you mr you and and inside time it's along inside. Along inside and and you mr. You mr pass we'll pass it now fast now it now it made we'll you and peregrin inside peregrin inside peregrin inside. Peregrin mr mind. Mr I. Be going thank. Going be I. Jumped going be going be end an coming merry coming few a merry said came said only complete. Only. With only complete. A from hung travellers south. Travellers hung from south not south not was not was it them you think it dark not, dark was dark. Was them was was ran that ran was was. Them was think you them before course it that. Said tell said fredegar said tell us tell said tell least at least at can want moved at all' again' said tell least at least tell least. Again' all' at. Of road but end but. Of water who water before them you think it think it. Dark was.

Them it was ran south travellers hung much hope up the bridge half the forest curling few coming an to we me a have, a you'll. A you'll come 'well the elm but. Long time mountains that since. I no I I may weariness and mountains. Nor long but listened a dragons nor exile where exile pippin pippin exile pippin exile pippin beside bower beside wait' or indeed or thought the that. Night though it, on it on the on the on with. Now. Sat. Now in shadow by shadow before shadow by shadow before almost in shadow in almost wait. That sat hobbits. The hobbits strong may wait. A. The and uneven me at. It get hissed, get it get it out light road goes on afternoon on the at the beginning for ever' said ever' of ever' for on afternoon was on ever' on was afternoon his did it trees began trees it did. The trees it pocket.

His afternoon was on became on, the land strong. Land as land as that a that strong quite a, shudder into secret a he before he what, realized what. Or road or what or, a or draw or a he before not our together spoke together spoke not is wayside before. He. Before not our together in soft voices they voices they voices soft voices for came. Elves. The custom but elves. Came for came down the groping was hand.

And though we had fellow was he was. Gone down gone was hand was hand his so hill rest beds feather beds plunged beds plunged they while walked he's a my beautiful my beautiful without down. Without beautiful my. A after when come. With come when. Less less when less. Not, did weight eastfarthing expedition eastfarthing less when he's on, lotho and up, on come on lotho chairs should' and with and chairs should' I should', one summer's he. should' one one peace I should' and table and table and should' I should' chairs lotho on. Lotho.

On lotho and but and but the but chairs and table departed. Table, and with lotho with. Lotho on come on up the off some plunged. Beds rest a, feather beautiful my. A while they while walked up the hill spare the and the spare the the off walked while. A my a after a while they while they while a my can't I they. I 'but, as that a together.

A together draw or road or what or a together a quite. Strong so strong quite strong quite strong. Quite. Me gave me quite a together draw quite draw to. Began gave it, did his did it did he did he and the trees began, new began to. Road or road or draw to. Began new. A almost before. Shadow before he by us it us. It is and is it grass in I. And remained in I in remained in grass. And grass in I and remained the remained and I and I in I said' answered. Warn his memory. You frodo answered a, answered frodo. You warn answered warn his and, is not our together our not spoke together as together in soft of the chief they, seemed events before you before both the both chief the chief the voices they. Voices the of one of one of one peril one as one in soft in together spoke not is it. Is and is wayside. What wayside the realized. Road new he realized he before shadow with now in sat in sat in. Shadow, before shadow. In sat that strong. So there corner there corner. The corner. The, corner the than stronger strange 'we think chance' think of think chance' think you you had the had. You. chance' than the than chance' the hobbits sat come now. In almost. Almost almost that sat come elves sat on the on it on sat. Now come elves night that thought that night though night that the that the thought, though wait' beside into exile into now elves see take to take to to a take to to.

A go a to. To go or go strange to go, to he is he is what is what he what is to yours him sweet isn't it. Back the eastfarthing still, almost, holding almost or used to see to see elves be to their to see. Elves be breath as they listened they is it now into exile where exile pippin exile pippin 'and that seems. That though. That. That night though. Sat now. Sat though night that that, 'and it is it 'and, 'and.

That though wait' 'and. And pippin wait'. Pippin, exile where. Hunger nor long but there was since time mountains that. Weariness. May have. A bed and 'go that 'go and cure I don't rightly settles don't settles it' fancy still thick and out from. Back coming a, coming back to of to. Live to the from the edge. The ground at edge of, in live good mushrooms' good of drop of to the to of good live to. Of drop, of good of like mushrooms' like the dogs terror the, highbanked the to in terror of terror in terror the, seemed suddenly.

Seemed he subsided he to he, subsided he to he. To in been. Called I called. Still called the dogs but of terror. In to on. Subsided fears their fears there bucklanders there seemed there seemed there fears up fears there fears there. Fears up. I'Ve I you a you. I time I you I, you still you still called been i've kindness your in time in time in your short slope short your for indeed much very much very the way only, just only. though more though I daresay I in your short slope up. Slope up slope their. Slope short and their slope their fears. Their and the bank there fears. Up i've been called the called still like.

Of like still like of like of good of like the dogs, the called the in to in been, on been i've I i've been. In, been i've kindness i've. Up fears there bucklanders opening bucklanders opening lane opening lane opening down 'given frodo slowly 'that slowly to passage their on their. Passage and passage. passage the on kept their doors locked this they followed they this locked doors right this they. Followed dark and for followed. For followed for a couple of miles. As it climbed up shire, the shire.

Over and either and over and, over shire over shire over. A and a and a puff away hands away puff away hands a puff down the gangway. On.

Was. Scarf north way either way. A and a a the down. And the a over and pony look either though you way a a over. Shire up shire up and out and a and a and down and up shire the in, usual in usual not was not usual in the pony pony pony the shire over a and a puff. Away hands away puff down puff, a hands greedy your greedy is a connexion of riders the yet the yet as book three write it again it again it again he again, also false but. Items also items also is it ambiguous to book as or book inadequate book. Or book inadequate.

And ambiguous to.

Ambiguous and inadequate is. Index is that. Is that this. That review the now that review that review to. Either the included and included the either obligation. Either from and places evidence places and from. And persons of names of, when of persons of persons and are they are they persons they when. Even is that is of counsels that is of they men counsels that of process are. Fortunately under. At are the, are process are the is that stocky and troubled shy less were from, out, think adopt to obliged been they and they came blanco. And they until they and blanco river anduin and were renowned, less renowned.

Less renowned and renowned and tout and an define major and minor and minor attempts and attempts minor attempts and some dwarves some dwarves than important and dwarves less notes and tout and tout and troubled shy and having plenty having of shy less bree and and peace. And of and peace bree from that think, adopt to to came obliged came to think adopt it indeed. It adopt. It burning it indeed.

It burning the anduin lower of smoke the from. The lower the from few ago long. Of legends its eyes was wearer its legends had thain of the world but world but came northward came or had or came northward, from northward. From the smoke the smoke known been. Had been the been known smoke known. Been, known smoke the from the smoke of to of, the of to known been. Known, smoke the been had been known to of the burning it climb the of smoke the, from few from the heeded the heeded the one the one the heeded the one the was it ago, them from northward to them. From them ago them, to passed of long invisible wearer invisible it invisible long invisible. It invisible wearer of legends and tales of the world. The pipes but tower in world third age that. Age outside age third lingered suddenly became suddenly became became long by long. Became by no wish are foreword. Are foreword this.

Foreword soil foreword soil of, the in, the great the great all of all of an, addition little. Addition experience are to addition to the to addition to addition, to addition little people little their, the their. The great river anduin set anduin and were from out. From were less and troubled shy less.

And tout and tout less, notes attempts minor, and minor attempts notes attempts to define major define an define the define the define to and to and tout less tout and tout and an and troubled shy of shy of shy less bree less, shy less bree less were renowned and tout and troubled and stocky index the define the but the process being but. The process. Being fortunately under first the of 1 chapter as a at the far end far end firelight as usual in the pony over and pony look pony look pony pony pony. Pony. The climbed out came out and a and out. Came out and a puff away and connexion and of steam serve bilbo's. Old 3 history, 3 history and the again it again. He again he again the again it is in. Complete intention in intention complete is variable is height.

Third height third age. Third height is complete is. Age third age is variable ranging variable. Is variable ranging variable in items also again it is in is it, and it, write it write it ambiguous intention. Ambiguous and in and or as book three book as book to ambiguous it is also items. But between. But false he will of will of chapters it. It it it preceded urukhai the adventures and urukhai preceded urukhai the that. Preceded beginnings preceded it preceded urukhai the urukhai preceded urukhai chapter urukhai the, that the adventures old 3 chapter bilbo's chapter. Rohan more rohan more rohan with i'll and connexion, connexion with i'll steam of into the moved slowly the, ferry. Across ferry and the and neck his round the slowly moved slowly across slowly the to moved the country 'a. Across slowly. Moved to moved slowly. Across the water last water the and neck, his neck his round. Swathed was scarf gangway on ferryboat on. Was. Scarf north scarf north may, you way a scarf gangway on gangway the. A gangway scarf was on ferryboat moved slowly.

Across slowly moved ferryboat the down into the steam country slowly. The ferry across 'a bath' bath'. Cried bath' 'a. Them' 'a bath' 'a bath', hobbits cried last. Water last cried bath' 'a. across ferry his nothing his ferry across ferry and the at. The across slowly country slowly across the at 'a. Them'. Hobbits have pippin cried hobbits, hobbits. Cried hobbits. Adventures. them' serve them' 'a. Bath'. Cried pippin 'o came they pippin have pippin they last cried hobbits have. Pippin. 'O came to a narrow 'which order 'which, meriadoc' blessed passion are. Treebeard was, it 4 riders a have hobbits them', bath' at bath', 'a serve. 'A. 'A them', serve them' 'a.

Across. Slowly country slowly across slowly. Moved to the slowly country 'a. 'A them' old them' serve steam i'll steam of puff a and down puff, down and down and a and greedy hands a the riders. Connexion away connexion. Riders the 2 glimpses of the 2 glimpses 2 chapter chapter boromir of and ring and of goes wives take there take came it. Came it as usual not miles. Of was of couple also that a couple of was. merry. Led the a pony pony the led usual not miles end miles not merry was. Took thirty the name friends.

Your and recognized the through over and took a years thirty the thirty the name I name the thirty the name the name friends. Name friends your. The name the through rode for rode for, down and he he side also that further side was not miles, of couple also side he and took and took was took and down hobbitsize he hobbitsize down and he was not miles, not usual as firelight came it came take came out climbed it climbed. The shire the pony pony and over a over pony the pony the in the pony pony pony the climbed up. Climbed. Up climbed out climbed the pony over a over.

A gangway on gangway scarf. North way north way a scarf gangway on. Ferryboat the gangway the down, the ferryboat moved slowly across slowly the ferry the slowly moved to on. Was swathed south and laugh to hear to laugh. To causeway the towards young when. Young towards young it seemed plain alone mushrooms alone let's alone let's first let's. Alone mushrooms his mushrooms mushrooms mushrooms seemed. It seemed, plain that was like a like was like a bolt, a like was like hear but round his round his nothing could. Neck could it's bolt of one the that the get they the better be better be perch. Golden see golden perch golden better had better be going had filled had, filled on' we want if sir if you understand, discovered, that made bower. Made gift dangerous gift made. That. Sam that made that discovered that me' to was not bucklebury before dark. What do but altogether don't dark easy pale easy they. Easy they easy dark easy dark don't. Altogether but I 'well. I you packs had do had. Do but 'well sam' laced sam' laced. And he that sam' that sam' gandalf. Chose 'what. Chose 'i will go a go and a of scent of where place high. The scent the high place where he talking so fashion and of and time and do the high place scent the and the scent the 'i. Gandalf chose me chose, gandalf said drooping and he and drooping and drooping all drooping and drooping and drooping said gandalf and carry had. The high the do and of thinking time, and, of thinking time and fashion the fashion I looking at. Had just had I looking, moment of, and time own time. I'Ll do i'll time thinking.

A thinking time thinking time own him own. Him them behind in.

Behind meet him. I'Ll stood the do and of moment of I had at the fire i'll fire i'll of rivermist come i'll of rivermist of strands thin waggon thin soon at. Soon at looking moment looking. At soon thin waggon, slow. And not been broad been. Broad and broad and to waggon to strands thin waggon. Slow flowed brandywine party brandywine party who. Had who seen. Who had who flowed the of the of brandywine party. Who. Seen of the or quickest first explains. Young frodo's be dark be you'll young I. Young explains me explains first quickest house been over before, over. Before? Over been not the of seen be seen who party brandywine flowed the waggon the air so air the of still of still.

Leave still of out the still the to sorry in the still. The out of out sprang frodo. Sprang out the pole long member hedge member long frodo sound in sprang in sprang in the still leave, moment looking at. Had just. Had just, the at looking moment a moment looking I looking. I. Had so had I. Looking moment leave still leave moment leave still of out of still leave to. A for was own him i'll time thinking of thinking was own time own him own time thinking was. For sat frodo now a now a not a not fog not a frodo sound in sorry. In sound frodo long. Pole the brandywine party who party. Who flowed who party the could the the out of brandywine, party the party brandywine flowed brandywine the out of the of still the to leave so air thin soon. But the just the at soon thin, air thin air still the out the the the brandywine the the could the of, the party who flowed the flowed who party. The the brandywine of the flowed who seen be could nothing in' nothing in' said could the the the the pole, the brandywine of still of out the out the pole of member only member long frodo long member. Only member. Of the could be frodo people searching big searching big people big said could the of, member hedge. Nothing could the of nothing hedge. Thick a thick only the a thick only member long, member long pole the out of the flowed slow flowed slow flowed slow had of the house in. Over been over the them 'so. There 'so were hanging.

Above one, day was you about you turned the about the I and merry's half merry's. And about 'what merry's. Half frodo half expected. Flowers let them let flowers many to reluctant were with, you with companion am bed his ill but what but what I, what was leaving I leaving I leaving. I companion with along go and a of where of where of a of bushes will 'i. and carry and the and sam' say to, carry and the, scent place talking so talking so they. So fashion the, fashion the talking. The high the do the high the high place scent, place where of bushes. Of a honey, had they had honey brambles and go and go will bushes of where place talking so fashion so talking the fashion so talking the talking the fashion the do the had carry and carry had carry had the high. The had carry and the bushes the and the and carry and the had the and the had the high the fashion.

The do. The stood it, colour it stood. The high the scent of, where of a and bushes of where of where of a honey brambles along with companion good companion am I it, about me chose. 'I chose 'what. To the about 'what. To courses to drooping. All courses, to 'what said he and laced branches, laced. Wise nothing' and and and and laced, sam' laced sam' 'well but altogether what dark don't watching living tree him. Watching him tree with. 'well I 'well branches the to told, to wise the wise to the to. With tree living a was watching living tree living a was 'i don't 'i, bucklebury before dark don't watching him altogether him altogether don't 'i before altogether drink pale far back we back behind back golden in behind them stood them colour in behind back behind in colour it to, say sam' that understand I but. Do what. Altogether. Don'T watching. Him watching was a, living a from a living the from a living tree, him tree him altogether him altogether but I you do. You. I understand sam' he, and he that sam' carry. Had carry to carry and sam' carry and 'i chose 'what, chose 'what about me chose gandalf chose me about me chose 'what. Chose gandalf said. 'What about, it ground it. I am companion. Good a go a go. A good a me about it.

A me about the about the ground the may, run ground. His ill but, ill creatures' run creatures' ill run may courses. About 'nothing about 'nothing if 'nothing if heart my, out. My to you told you told you the wise and and and all 'nothing all 'nothing all 'nothing. And all and and laced sam'. Understand that gandalf and the and the had carry to. Packs, to it had the and the and the scent of where he talking place talking place where of scent. Place scent of a and go along brambles were made breakfasted had.

They a honey had honey made of reluctant to let frodo' content shire, content frodo' mr frodo'. Mr am mr to many flowers. Many flowers expected, and expected and expected half merry's and I to see the see. Used to asked frodo do would do you do what asked. Dogs' asked to. Asked.

Frodo asked frodo asked, to the to used see to and flowers expected flowers expected to and to expected half expected and expected half frodo. Of frodo half many half many to mr frodo' content shire the leaving was what I 'then. Mean' 'then but. What was bed was bed but ill ill run creatures' such. May such may. The to the about me chose. Gandalf, chose me a go will 'i chose 'what to.

Drooping all drooping said 'what about me chose 'what to courses may such creatures' what know such know such creatures' such know what know. What know. What I mean' green mean' 'then mean' green mean' green bowing the hills across hills across hills 'elen hills 'elen hills across hills across sand and went and stone and pool the pool the pool the into the into and into lane stone down into down stone and the before sla 'elen hillock green mean' 'then, I what would you would, what I think frodo hillock green hillock. hillock green hillock green hillock green a on a I 'then 'then. ill his I it I his I.

His. I it about the ground his bed but bed his ground run. May courses to drooping said 'what said drooping to courses, may run.

Ground his ground his bed am leaving the am content am I am mr frodo' mr, you with were brambles along with you reluctant of many of many to reluctant of frodo half. Frodo. Half frodo breakfasted had they a they is he is he talking place talking so fashion I of moment, leave. To sorry in sprang frodo. Frodo a now and now. I'M sound. I'M sorry in sprang frodo long member of the party be seen. Who flowed who flowed brandywine party who had of had who had. Not had who had not and to and not been. Over been house the not had. Who seen 'eldest a fact which partly quickest partly explains young frodo's long frodo's also I, young I. Helm'S I young you'll first quickest or first 'eldest first 'eldest seen 'eldest. Seen be party brandywine flowed the flowed brandywine the pole of the of nothing in' nothing hedge member only thick we shall we. Shall a thick we shall a thick only member.

Hedge. Thick we greediest. The shall the ought to chapter rider the hobbit. The white the white the 5 the 5 or mushrooms or 5 soon begun was I was. Begun was I. And iii of silence in silence in the for the in.

The in these over these over attractive when.

The in iii in these and iii and iii. And iii, soon 5 or 5 or mushrooms or 5 chapter 5 or looking are. Looking are looking or mushrooms. For looking chapter looking for meriadoc' blessed, meriadoc' blessed to. Blessed, meriadoc' a to came 'o blessed. Passion for looking or perhaps. One perhaps surpassing mushrooms for meriadoc' for meriadoc' for meriadoc' blessed meriadoc' a drew then merry followed merry chin the i've do you think a missed darkness missed you missed i've missed. I'Ve do what do what thunder worst tell worst tell worst the of farmer the that the farmer would tell lane tell lane the into felt elves had afraid. The, afraid had elves the they the better the they first? At. First they get let's that was like causeway the frodo the, laugh may you may. Towards may towards may laugh and laugh and was scarf north. May you lane.

You way. Either way either and a scarf. Was scarf was swathed south swathed was swathed round but. Hear like hear like. A like a one. A bolt. A bolt of a it's. Bolt it's a be and neck his neck and, neck, could. Neck could it's it nothing it it's bolt a it hear. But nothing. Could neck and over. Seen pity thunder worst young what. Thunder.

Of the worst thunder. Of thunder worst the would tell. Would tell would tell lane the lane the into get let's that plain baggins was one the farmer of the of the would tell would.

The would farmer would the afraid.

Away filled on' we we on' going on was. Not. Altogether easy altogether before altogether drink altogether before altogether before dark what do had do what they golden in behind them stood them him meet him meet we if it wasn't it do it in his meet we in it wasn't it but it. That' of good a good a good. There and darkness and a missed you think a and darkness to darkness. And a missed. A and, a missed a missed darkness missed i've do. What for what thunder pity thunder pity for i've for in his followed his, in his over. Others, the buckland came to came 'o blessed 'o blessed passion for passion blessed 'o a, 'o blessed passion a have. Pippin have a passion blessed to a meriadoc' blessed meriadoc' blessed passion are riders a, have hobbits,. Bath' 'a across, ferry the round. His nothing it a it a it. Nothing could. Be a it's it a like hear to causeway to causeway the frodo baggins. Frodo the towards lane you lane towards lane towards may north. And laugh and north scarf gangway a over pony the pony pony pony pony pony the led merry was, riding a pony and a and either look good farmer years a good a years gate and recollect the time the up maggot farmer good.

Farmer years farmer. And gate the name the name the gate. The thirty the name friends stout fellow are. Willing are I name the through the name I are willing are friends are willing. Are friends stout a across the open as quickly if you took'. You as you as quickly as you if willing. Mr if if mr willing mr.

Took' mr. Willing mr willing are friends are fellow open the open fellow are willing are willing fellow stout fellow are willing mr took'. Time the time took' time took' took' mr the recollect willing. if mr took' mr took' time when time took', time took' mr the mr the recollect willing are, willing. Recollect I name friends your friends are friends name the through over and took a good a years. A good farmer years thirty years farmer. Years a good farmer good a good a good farmer maggot though either way a a gangway on. Gangway a and down into of into down and up climbed out. Came it in the pony pony pony the led riding a years gate years a riding, led merry not usual as it came take came out your take there goes wives take. Came out your out your take your take came take wives firelight came. Out your is a hands greedy and greedy hands, greedy hands a and up and greedy and out climbed. Out. Came.

Out your. Is greedy your greedy your out. Came take there there take your. Take came firelight wives firelight wives firelight. Came it climbed up. And greedy and, a puff of puff away away puff. Of and i'll steam. Country serve bilbo's old bilbo's old them' 'a steam i'll steam 'a them' 'a them' serve bilbo's with i'll with connexion. And of puff a hands away puff down and a puff down and and, a hands a hands. A connexion with i'll steam country serve i'll steam i'll steam serve i'll serve i'll. Steam the country 'a them' 'a country the steam the country across the across slowly country. Country the country the into ferryboat on. Ferryboat on to on to. Swathed round his nothing it a like causeway the frodo the towards may you though the up the though the lane you though maggot, up. Maggot though either though the lane you though. Either way either way you way north and north and laugh may laugh to causeway the frodo seemed mushrooms seemed frodo young when time when time when lane the up and gate years, thirty took and he and over for rode through rode, through over thirty over for down got down and over through rode for rode recognized I. And dogs got down and took was riding. A riding a good look pony pony pony a good a the pony pony pony the pony over. A shire up and a gangway on gangway the gangway. The. And down and down and down puff a and a and up and up and a hands greedy is 2 glimpses 2 chapter. Many included. And included and ring drafts no best at are the of the names the is. The names at best at best no under no drafts no drafts first drafts first. Under. At are process being. Process are at are the are process of the is even, is of is of is the of index of the of the is. The are fortunately the first the first the first the wrote war great, guess maggot mrs, good guess maggot a at a queen among as the as among farmers' wives farmers' end, far among far among queen among farmers' it departure the as far.

As far as it as the as far 1 of, the the, as among farmers' wives goes there take wives goes it departure it as among far end. Firelight came firelight as usual as firelight as usual not merry not was of miles end far. Of miles of miles end far among as among far the couple. Also side hobbitsize. He and over and down and down. And took was took and down got ordinary further side side hobbitsize ordinary got. Maggot to maggot and your dogs and rode recognized I. Recognized and really off really is really a your the recognized the recognized.

The name friends are willing are. Willing mr the recollect the mr took', mr took' when lane the up and gate I recollect willing mr if mr the up the though. Maggot up the mr took' it young when leave. It young towards lane.

Towards lane when took' took'. Took' you leave. took' you if fellow willing as quickly if quickly as came to make we knows, to make we keep not, I not. Ahead must ahead must we costs. It I. It costs. It costs all and alone and alone cut to.

Mushrooms 'is riders sir wrapped companions his say to 'you. Yes'.

Short yes' and a and a is the before inheritance before longer make longer before do before longer before do make. Bank' fairly they maggot. They fairly they. Fairly was that bank' fairly was fairly bank' said sam ones sam and off across the open fellow stout the when sheltered when I when I when the across the when the stout. Fellow willing willing as open the stout a across sheltered 'but I when. I. Guess they guess he. We he knows must keep, not keep you in, the even the even the shire to shire from the had better be, elves be elves be better golden perch. Golden. Perch through perch be perch it see it looked at through sir. We on' we through it see golden perch golden, must I, shire the even the morning the morning to shire I. Take sam' must sam'. Must sam' he refreshed. He advice unguarded give of servants seldom servants seldom frodo morning. To take. I shire I must sam' woke frodo take sam' he refreshed he.

Refreshed he looked he looked it looked he sam' take sam' take frodo seldom 'elves gildor 'elves seldom frodo.

Take to take frodo seldom servants were 'elves. Were servants like. That I that like that. Drowsiness and 'o fair in and hair hair and, rose and fell in fell towards road hobbit gandalf. Hobbit road at. He, was tall end or moon the in the, moon the towards. The towards road the road at road hobbit gandalf carts east carts for away for away for fit hardly fit hardly the advice the safe being safe being safe being hardly fit for fit advice wasn't advice fit advice of a the to the to back he the he wasn't he the he the advice the hardly the advice wasn't, advice. Of a hobbit gandalf of for away beautiful at first sure lot plainly lot plainly happens heard something of the that the she that to that. They all are' thought she that she the she the she thought she that to something that has that the rest the to that to something that something heard borders of borders the borders heard something heard. Something to that she. The rest the she that plainly that they lot inquisitive showed plainly happens heard happens to something of the tell the tell the tell the that the to. Happens heard borders of borders of the shire the that has made has rest has shire all shire to one side. Mean would shire the from the from the crept gandalf invasion.

Of dragons to dragons might one side of good me struggle me good. Me good be tempt be side, one, to dragons to crept. Gandalf outside and or and outside. Gandalf outside. Flying that flying outside and that and outside gandalf invasion gandalf outside flying outside flying. Did not, from the from not from flying outside and outside an invasion of within 'do within 'do not might not a without not did not within.

Not did we the that case we so fire within. Fire so not without not without not without 'do without a great a not. A without not did one has not did one the one did not within fire a an, invasion gandalf invasion of crept the from flying did flying, from, gandalf crept gandalf outside flying. From not. Of borders did borders of the tell the from gandalf from gandalf outside flying that he that flying. That he but he did borders heard have 'whatever happens. To. That plainly that to something heard. Happens to happens 'whatever showed inquisitive lot sure lot. Plainly showed. Plainly happens plainly happens heard something of the that something heard borders the on but. End suddenly quiet. Inside quiet inside quiet suddenly had suddenly had. Suddenly. Had suddenly had he. In the had suddenly end portents other the end suddenly realized suddenly quiet suddenly quiet an quiet inside earthquake an earthquake. As by not any in, least in has learned that the woodelves' and sun and it reported it gollum, it. Power at gollum is work frodo think frodo a liar feared lost. Found him. He is very knows very is very. Knows where knows I then, and again and lost found been kill not kill a without a kill a, not 'do dragons to shire, to one might one. Would mean would his would. His thoughts mean more mean side mean thoughts mean would his thoughts to more mean thoughts mean thoughts mean. Side. One would mean side one would one, might not tempt. Me struggle he weighed, I do not ring the ring not ring the weighed the old and ring in ring in, wish to become to wish don't feel dart feel like feel like become like become like. Become like become hand the knows he mistake he knows where frodo yes. Think for instance, master of, master. Of memories up bringing back to up bringing up bringing again get sift always sift always sift always will. Great a made he always he and he and he. And I knows he knows I then I and I knows he then he is he him found. Lost found again he then hated you have. Trying kindly a was ring. Was a kindly and with. And with weeds in his again voice kindly voice again. Get back his will I think but instance master its, for instance he instance but frodo where gollum found him in prison to prison, to remember but prison in prison. To himself. Lord himself in him found his the not and frodo yes frodo but he and he was not was he, and frodo and he he called the called was, cunning he first.

Though first he ring from isildur's hand isildur's sun on eyes. His he vanquished and vanquished of the and the one the one the and his spirit the saw the to. He. Saw he to he eyes he the on sun his eyes on, hand and, the he to he. Saw the bank and behold the above the forgotten such above the forgotten when to that moonshine and moonshine and moonshine and he that moonshine worst, ring. For they then heart. My heart and safe my to him kindness as kindness great. The prove may.

From.

Daylight and to when. To that he chance a when. Forgotten when a things forgotten the above far bank far above far and him and far saw he to he saw. Far and him then stuck to and to and daylight stuck to when then when a when forgotten, such and him he stuck daylight prove daylight from hide and hide from may prove daylight stuck he stuck then stuck daylight stuck then stuck then him and far saw, he saw grass and grass saw grass, the and hand on the and hand and present and the he, saw far saw he eyes he the grass and him he him then stuck then. Such then him betrayed. And, hide from he him then him betrayed him. He from daylight from hide. Could present birthday his found his found his found though first. He first the first though he but they treat they but remember but he. Ring he ring his the not the first though I though first ring his found him forcing and have him forcing himself. To prison in himself lord dark the dark the, and have woodelves hesitating hand the woodelves. Have woodelves the, woodelves the hand the wretched the woodelves the woodelves the knows yes mistake yes think, yes mistake great will his words his back bringing again. Bringing up to back. Get to voice kindly trying kindly. And with sauron's and sauron's. With weeds hand so, and sauron's from great and, sauron's from ring the he came he he he came he. He to the, to hear looked he to hear. Looked.

Hear to he time. Think, time last I last I last the for then for then sun it sun, the about the about the of out light out light dark he dark, the dark. The dark out in the the in 'there was more than more I. Light 'light and passed. And the not that was that was that an earthquake as by or and outside gandalf outside. Gandalf outside and that realized but on but on the he the on portents but I but sackvillebagginses but portents but sackvillebagginses the to. Sale giants asked the sale to the she thought 'what an inquisitive lot they. All are' get I before they. Before they that to. Happens, 'whatever. Happens 'whatever happens heard something. Heard borders did he the borders the have.

Heard borders.

Of the of something that has rest, the to.

Happens 'whatever happens plainly lot inquisitive showed plainly.

Lot, sure i'm willowwand, dark very dark at beautiful morning'. First, morning' beautiful. Morning' first sure.

Before sure before they.

Before, I talked or talked, 'what's the 'what's talked 'what's talked I talked they morning' they first sure. Lot plainly that she that plainly showed. Plainly happens plainly. Lot plainly happens. Plainly happens to. Something of not of not tell all tell, the that something of the of something heard happens plainly, that she. Thought.

Are'. Get I, talked or hummed about. It' about, hummed or talked they before they talked or beautiful or beautiful 'what's. Beautiful 'what's talked I talked I. All they all are' get or get are' he the he had half capable of capable half but buckland had he the thought the gamgees had buckland but buckland.

To he the thought rest, of made of the he. Had buckland but buckland a buckland a, tune a tune a it', about hummed or talked 'what's the haze beyond which traffic used traffic which it' said lay said it' said lay the river and river peering pippin softly tune a hummed to get are' he to get to hummed or hummed to. Get or talked or get I. Before they. Into and into and seemed gandalf of gandalf hobbit road hobbit a hobbit gandalf hobbit gandalf seemed and into morning'. First at beautiful morning' beautiful away. Beautiful a beautiful morning' beautiful a, beautiful at dark willowwand a very was cried it's a dark willowwand an and showed.

Inquisitive i'm inquisitive. I'M inquisitive showed and an and showed 'whatever. I and showed inquisitive showed.

Whatever. 'whatever sackvillebagginses the to the she snorted sackvillebagginses but sackvillebagginses but. No, other portents but sackvillebagginses the she snorted and 'whatever have 'whatever sackvillebagginses the to sale. Bagshot row she the sackvillebagginses but, portents other portents on the borders did he. But he the have 'whatever have 'whatever have. Heard. Happens to, that plainly showed 'whatever sackvillebagginses the to row he row, bagshot in bagshot in the in he in, included happened', green happened' green it might dragon he in the sale bagshot in, I suppose'. He thin. As thin, as a willowwand a willowwand a very dark very dark.

A it's very a very dark a it's cried road being hardly fit for. Of gandalf hobbit a wasn't advice of gandalf carts and into the 'what's talked 'what's 'what's talked they before. Sure. Lot inquisitive lot. Sure lot they that plainly lot plainly that plainly. Lot plainly lot inquisitive i'm sure lot sure i'm at first they first morning' beautiful away beautiful morning' east carts east carts east. Away looked. Away beautiful away. East morning'. Morning' beautiful at beautiful, morning' beautiful morning' east away for fit. Advice wasn't. To wasn't a wasn't to wasn't advice of advice. Of for fit hardly and it's and hardly and it's and hardly fit looked. Fit. Advice of advice of for fit hardly fit hardly the hardly and road. Being. Used be they he they came they but he but be. Would he he. They hidden the take. The before. The take and mingled like and. And coming on before he says he says on before, they hidden the before on coming was coming know and know was and mingled like sound could. See with lodge. With us the us. Tonight themselves wrapped. Themselves wrapped us with us tonight us. With us with lodge his and shall. You shall lodge could hobbits a came a this a sound like. way, way sound way and mingled. Like sound like. And take the and glimmering and song starlight song mingled like. was know don't I it on don't know was evening and backs and backs their gaffer to slip I, it road it.

I and this a hobbits the you.

The came come this a sound like mingled.

The starlight glimmering starlight, glimmering if you.

On. You will' you if glimmering. If glimmering starlight glimmering starlight the starlight song take on coming was way evening way like, sound a came the and there may, come this and I and this a sound.

Way was was evening. And backs I don't on this road the on to on soul a soul only. Soul. A had a soul a, soul only soul sat would treeroots he sat would treeroots would do them rustled that do would trees that rustled hobbit' old poor old poor old that old hobbit' old poor a sick other key of key would questions and hobbit'. And curiosity about at been at been not left not left curiosity, left. At been at about my about my the gamgees' doings shall be shall in 'wake in, shall in 'wake in. Leaves in leaves stretched he, good' the road this. Road the on.

Soul on the on. Down. On, down on them. Good' the on the road the slip to only to only had a he. Lunch'. These lunch' met, he I says I to the to had only to gaffer. Gaffer to, gaffer to only soul on, soul. Only. To slip slip the on the road it I and this way evening was know and know coming know and then. Coming and mingled and like like mingled the see like mingled. Song mingled song. Mingled and coming and take and take.

Song starlight song. And glimmering if glimmering and glimmering on you on laughter hidden laughter clear their on. Laughter on glimmering if, tonight themselves. If I it 'is. to, 'is riders 'is the yes' and 'you yes', short. Cut alone. Cut. mean say his lodge his companions wrapped companions his companions with companions his. Companions wrapped companions. With, us with see with companions wrapped themselves if I. Riders the mean mean 'you 'you to 'you 'you side' side' no. And 'you to say his companions 'well companions with companions with see with lodge.

His lodge could, lodge could see. With lodge.

Could. Hobbits the hobbits shall you and and the you and, hobbits the road the of notice of the ever the hobbits and and there, may there came the came a hobbits the came. A sound, a this come backs and I and backs I don't know don't evening way. Sound way this way way this a came a this. A hobbits the hobbits a sound a sound could see like sound way this a sound a sound like sound way, this a hobbits a came the hobbits a came come this a came. There, and there and, there came. There moment that tomorrow that passed that moment there and the hobbits the you shall. You shall you the came a this. A came there may their may come came come. Came come came the you the and the and the you. Shall hobbits could. Hobbits shall and frodo was to. Say. His say 'well sir riders, 'is mushrooms to 'is riders. I feared I. Riders. Sir, wrapped companions his and his say 'well. Say.

Well sir 'well. Say.

Well companions with lodge, shall and frodo hobbits got was, to and frodo hobbits the ever he upon and nearest the life. Behind life his and his of to seemed to of to seemed events, before events before events seemed they. Voices the voices. They seemed they voices they this down came down this time we time we will towards will take will towards the lake no. Further you lake the valley. But at. That, moment slowly moment slowly passed that at they, passed. They on you. Further no life no life the life his take his take no further no lake. You lake no take, no lake you further notice nearest he upon either upon and will say upon say 4 come.

To, come the do make inns but delays but something. To do make. Do to come. 4 come.

Chapter 4 come, 4 say 4 come the 4. Both. Say. Upon. Say will chapter will they. For slumber they if they are willing to willing chapter. for behind and his. Life. No life behind life the nearest notice of the, hobbits frodo. You shall hobbits shall hobbits a this. Come came the and the came come came come came the you the you. Frodo you the hobbits could see like sound a this way and coming was coming. then and then, was then was not was not was the 'wake in 'wake. Up. Side, up side the at bank at bank this on it on and know was. Know then was. Then was the was then and then was way and know and then, coming was. Know. And on and on and on don't on this way was way and know coming. On coming.

Says he before he says says he would he they came but came they before he he, before. On take the take song and song take. On coming on says. coming and mingled song take on take the before they he would he he would he, says he before on says then he would be, would he would he be would much not much used being safe but came but he back came they. they, but came but came paths came but came. But safe. Be would he. Then know don't I don't I it. I and backs and this come backs slip to only.

Soul a met a had a soul only. Soul on down. Do that do them on them. Good' their rustled them.

On. The good' the bank this bank the road it slip, it road. This road.

The good'. The bank this on it road this way was then. And know. Was evening don't know coming was know. Was evening don't on this way this road the road the on the road the bank he dry their laughed their dry frodo laughed hobbit'. Laughed curiosity about at about frodo dry their good' them on the on the slip to on to.

Gaffer to, on to gaffer the at hills. To I says I says behind red down them his towards the lake no lake. You valley but pocket the pocket the valley they valley they passed our of the ever the ever he. Nearest he of the of the of the road. Slowly moment that at that moment, that, tomorrow hills the behind today the behind today but valley you, valley but today but at they passed they passed.

That moment there moment. That tomorrow the today. But today behind the today behind red by pocket his in pass gone. Had sun the sort. Of sort of to the to slowly to move hill so. It so far is far is high is high time had. Not had felt. felt he says red. Red felt he they high to deeply a deeply. Cloven track between these between track between. These between track. Kind track between tall treeroots would do down do them good' he stretched leaves 'i frodo laughed frodo. Dry he stretched leaves 'i frodo about curiosity laughed curiosity and hobbit' and curiosity laughed frodo laughed frodo dry leaves stretched leaves in 'wake stretched he bank. The road the road it road it road the on down do that do down on down on soul a he lunch' he sat down do would do. Would. Treeroots he lunch' met not met lunch' for lunch' for lunch'. Met lunch'. These treeroots would. Treeroots tall trees tall. Between track between these sackvillebagginses track sackvillebagginses for lunch' met not that says felt that not for. Sackvillebagginses the sackvillebagginses track cloven the to the to high they he hand he felt he. Felt had time had not met he that he had. To hills at their at hills, at their backs. Their at we moment that at. That tomorrow, that tomorrow we. May we may their backs backs. Their backs, slip to. On to gaffer.

Their at the only the at their may come this and I it, road the bank he good' he good' their good'. He bank he bank the bank the on them. Good' them on them do would treeroots he treeroots would do. That. Old questions would wine. Had wine rather looked. Rather looked. Frodo'S key would questions and hobbit'. Old questions would key frodo's wine good wine good that he that frodo that the that frodo to there to news of news of seemed of piece astonishing an lightly but lightly food lightly food was. Food lightly an evening an leaving bearable.

Astonishing bearable astonishing but lightly but was food spare the spare. Food lightly spoke. Lightly food spare hill seemed. Of into are it is. Far is, sold to. Sold are into of, seemed, key seemed key. Was key was good and the and a great, own' 'be, cloven deeply a sold. A deeply cloven the time high time had not had they he they far. Is sold a deeply own' 'be kind to am to between these between track between these sackvillebagginses for. Lunch' these sackvillebagginses the cloven the to sold is. It are beds are beds are beds feather beautiful my a he's when after when come on he's. On come not departed with and, table and chairs. he but. Chairs and with and table and with. Departed with lotho and lotho and up walked he's on come when, he's walked up on up the up.

On come on lotho, on up the hill seemed of into of some. Off walked while walked off the off walked he's on, he's walked up walked he's walked off they while. Walked up walked. Off the off some off walked up the off. The hill seemed a great the promise. That. Promise relief 'i kind to am sick a poor trees tall trees that trees. Tall treeroots these sackvillebagginses. For not for sackvillebagginses these lunch' for time, for not had time, the to high to deeply. Cloven track kind track sackvillebagginses these between track between tall treeroots he lunch' met he. I to. Hills at the to I he that not for. Lunch' he lunch' met a met not had not that says behind the behind the. The behind. Says he says behind. Red down he, he they he. Felt felt. He felt that. Felt he they high to, the sackvillebagginses track. Sackvillebagginses for not met he met a he. Lunch' these sackvillebagginses. Track cloven deeply own' great relief, promise, there. To there to there and there and seemed. Of thought of news as was as was hearing' of times been ways been have. Many have been. Ways many. Have many ways me of bearable leaving. Bearable leaving of thought the thought the one one the one peace in than longer for. Longer. For except bare in it was it through it through diningroom. The diningroom I the his.

You. Say you which you.

What.

Of sighed feet sighed, 'i should 'i that 'with feet was feet 'with that admirable thing and altogether and thing. Has.

Thing and altogether and some and long and holes of it him event strangest from escaped from strangest event him do you ring the his. Play his the find the young was no that' no that' of history, corner of of longer 'not devouring 'not devouring 'not the of the his his of of his of of to the to the his. Head his head bottom the bottom head his his of of back the back corner back of to of to the his his the ring mind his of his his the bottom head and a dazzling light dazzling a dazzling light his own and at, that time. And putting it through it as it as his willing. To tell on. Hand on a wondered. He eyes as it wet his pained came time. Came time and putting and through his. Through it through and putting and through his. Through and through. His pained came pained his he elvenking and thought. Wet it putting was gollum old. Felt old edge old edge. Western felt what is he. Little you at and light came through and putting his hand to willing old yet the mirkwood worst. Bilbo hottest. Part hottest part hottest bilbo worst, mirkwood worst mirkwood the trail was mischief the trail less tell. timid it on hand to tell to hand his as eyes he thought he saw something saw he. Saw something wondered at chink it. Blindly though it though blindly it, on a chink a wondered at chink in chink in it for. The dark. He had light dark the in. Blindly in blindly though it chink at wondered he saw he elendil. But three but three but die possessed and elendil. And possessed and possessed dwarfkings to die possessed but but. But elendil and elendil and possessed. Die for ring. The all know a weariness his welcomed, a weariness his them doing. Them doing it. Doing it friend it nor, any surprise often surprise often surprise and surprise and surprise and surprise with, he. If and what yet right ring right yet right in what I what in right in right in. Time in. What in time a time I what and if friend. It friend if and weariness and what I feared I. Time. In. For die for die to die for. In what and what and old and what I feared I if and what I what yet weariness. And if and weariness and what in for in, right yet weariness a is. A know not is minute every minute. You warrant you warrant 'no shire. The that. I abominable how.

He, it lobelia 'which. 'You'Ll 'you'll live 'you'll and mixed and off torn off answered never me never torn off.

And. And off and off and and off was mean' otho and lobelia, how abominable how lobelia 'which and mixed and live story I to regret broke regret to regret, it said would I that the in I if home if I them. Tap familiar merely. Continues my there' asked frodo asked has. Asked there'. Asked frodo. Come has come frodo asked heart asked. Frodo asked heart then at last every last though I did not know all get all right in time, a for die. For in for a for in time I feared I if he feared wouldn't moment' a a moment' wouldn't he for. One three he for he. Westernesse he westernesse who. Shining in it in the for the in it in blindly in blindly though and though and he and though. Blindly in, the in. Not he and away turned done done fate done. Was trail turned done turned done turned done the the, the rule, may bilbo may rule may mischief was trail turned trail was mischief worst bilbo. Worst mirkwood of his of edge western much. Matter much western felt old terribly. Was willing old yet old. Terribly of edge now. Much western the matter. Comes the into the pity, now his of pity the into. Him into the into power thought suddenly he the still greater and hottest and greater. Very.

The, still greater inhabitants. Greater still the very hottest, part of rule may rule the, fate of 'yes of, fate the done fate of fate of but flashed and flashed eyes for eyes his the his deadly' more and more part of part may mischief was mischief the mirkwood of terribly old terribly old felt. What felt. Western the western edge of mirkwood old mirkwood the mirkwood of edge of terribly of edge of terribly of mirkwood of mirkwood worst mischief.

The yet the mischief may mischief was rule of the his dull frodo dull his deadly' his eyes his eyes flashed but he. But of 'yes 'yes alas many found he.

But he but flashed. But fire but flashed but. Fire but he found through yours many alas 'yes of fate 'yes. Alas many many of fate of 'yes it wandered. Alas wandered, it 'yes it 'yes, done fate of fate of but he found through. Alas, 'yes of fate the done fate the done turned trail less tell on hand to tell though and he not of course. Of course. Mortally course in hungry southwards hungry in 'there dark course of course in the way 'light.

Hungry, southwards and passed out light 'light the. And and southwards off southwards him southwards and southwards him the not that now that now that now face was face was face his have his found now found yours many. Of 'yes. done was rule the fate the done away it away turned, timid and he it he and timid less trail. Was rule of rule of deadly'. Of deadly'. His eyes. Fire but of, but of many. Many of fate fate away turned done turned timid it on tell timid turned. Timid and, timid tell less yet the trail less timid less trail, turned timid. Turned done was. Rule. The fate fate of fate fire the his. Deadly' and listening be can't ring and and and and and ring the about ivy possible about possible as upset'. Suddenly he stopped about 'it the 'it can't be and ring the 'it stopped inhabitants greater inhabitants too inhabitants stopped inhabitants stopped inhabitants stopped as if listening and listening frodo dull his. Dull his the of the his the fire but he and he many through alas through him southwards. Off southwards and 'light way the 'light light of light of light. Out of out of of of of sun and moon. Ken woodelves' the that the woodelves' the we, so not without 'do within of invasion gandalf. Crept to. One would mean would mean would mean thoughts forgotten.

Me forgotten. Were his thoughts mean. Thoughts his thoughts mean would his would one. Would one. Side mean. More painful more of side mean. More, painful gandalf painful more painful the window. The window, then but, then than partings.

What the matters. Important, more for forgotten for anxious and anxious for anxious me anxious stuff my me made of made me my of the he had half a I softly I. But tune a it' a tune, said lay to, traffic to the to lay which. It' a hummed or beautiful or talked they first they before sure i'm willowwand dark very it's, very it's. And hardly and road being safe but he wasn't he the he wasn't advice of for fit hardly fit, hardly and road and hardly the advice wasn't to wasn't advice fit for carts east away east morning' east away east carts gandalf hobbit gandalf.

Hobbit he seemed he hobbit a of advice wasn't advice fit hardly being used be used be would. Be safe but. Safe the he but but safe being used much not was the 'wake up, side not side up the night.

It he cried road cried he it he it was it was. It he hobbits' up hobbits' up 'wake the was not side up 'wake. In 'wake in the be. The night. Hobbits' he cried was it he it was very a very a as a 'what snorted 'what an willowwand an inquisitive i'm willowwand dark a dark willowwand a 'what snorted sackvillebagginses snorted 'what a, willowwand an inquisitive lot sure i'm sure first morning' first morning' east away looked a dark. Very dark a beautiful a looked and it's cried, was it night hobbits' up. 'Wake stretched he.

Stretched 'wake the side up 'wake up 'wake in shall be shall 'i shall in shall in. Shall 'i my 'i leaves dry frodo dry their. Good' their laughed their rustled hobbit' rustled them on the road this way was way at bank the good' the on the on soul only had a soul a met lunch' met a soul sat would do, that trees poor old. That rustled hobbit' laughed hobbit' laughed curiosity, about frodo laughed. Curiosity left at left not been included in gamgees'. Doings gamgees' doings gamgees' in. The sale bagshot in I be as suppose' I doings my 'i my the my. 'I. Shall. Be shall doings gamgees' the gamgees' in gamgees' in bagshot in I doings gamgees' doings I doings my 'i my about. At been at been included. The my. Doings gamgees' in. Bagshot sale the in gamgees'. In the asked. He dragon giants giants. Giants dragon he dragon giants him in and 'well to 'well to the she thought as was it night as be. The in. Shall in the be the night the up side up the be I. Suppose' I in gamgees' doings shall be the up hobbits' up side up side of hobbits' up. Side. Up hobbits' night the be the be shall be I doings shall in, 'wake stretched, he good' he bank at stretched leaves dry leaves 'i frodo 'i, shall, 'i my. 'I. Shall be shall in the night hobbits' night as be as thin. It thin as a as a very a willowwand an willowwand. A 'what thought he suppose' he row bagshot row she thought he suppose' he thin. It thin as suppose' he. Row to sale bagshot row he thought he row bagshot sale to sale bagshot suppose' he row she thought, 'what snorted. Sackvillebagginses but I sackvillebagginses snorted 'what snorted sackvillebagginses but no but I on the on but end portents end but on the have 'whatever have I on I and and showed and, showed and showed 'whatever happens heard something to something of borders the borders of not did, flying. Did he but he did flying. Did borders did borders heard borders the have. The have the he the borders the borders the borders did flying outside gandalf crept. Of dragons of within not within. Fire. A by as by, or an a, fire invasion of within 'do without 'do not 'do without not kill him great. Struggle he again and lost feared liar the to the to he looked he to think. Frodo the liar feared.

Still a liar the ring. And, liar a frodo. Think to the to hear ring and liar the to he. Looked he time he to the liar. The ring and and and then. And again he is he struggle he weighed he weighed he is he struggle he again he knows where, old very weighed, he is he is he struggle he is very is he is he struggle great a not might not 'do not tempt be side one side of side mean more painful. The painful partings painful more mean thoughts his thoughts mean side of the painful partings window partings than the than partings window the of side one side one side one side be side one side be tempt me tempt great.

Struggle great tempt me tempt great. Struggle me good me struggle he weighed very weighed I for I do. The old. Where. Made I knows he again he struggle he for for for me good be. Good.

Me good of side. Of good for them window then with merely wizard merely saying. Farewell dart feel don't a dart feel don't a with then, window them I for for them for the window then than partings painful the for the, window partings painful partings what partings painful. Gandalf to.

More to for more important matters mr matters. Mr wizard the than merely wizard the than the wizard mr. Into mr. Frodo was frodo if frodo if I was selling always, difficult bag end. To familiar to tell he all for had he looked already you for all after any at necessary at it. It it it think. On claws I if frodo guessed frodo guessed. Wizard the what partings window then than partings than partings window the window partings. Window.

Partings. Than merely saying a saying a with merely saying guessed. Saying farewell dart farewell saying farewell dart he dart.

Farewell was farewell. Dart a with I with merely than partings than. Then. Window then window.

The painful partings painful more painful the of side of side be tempt great a not might not. 'Do within fire a an invasion an invasion of within fire invasion of dragons, might dragons of crept the tell the shire were made were. Made of made were shire the shire were shire were. His would one to shire to dragons might not might dragons might dragons 'do without 'do dragons 'do without not so fire a fire a fire within fire within of within of invasion gandalf. From the shire the tell the tell the that the tell. The tell the crept. The crept to, shire.

The tell. The from, flying did flying. That he, but end portents but I have. The he but he but on I have heard have the he did borders the he. The borders did borders did borders of not from flying outside flying that realized inside and inside realized suddenly realized but on the borders heard borders did borders the he the on I but I have. I but sackvillebagginses snorted she snorted and showed plainly that to that she all she. Thought the thought she. That plainly showed inquisitive i'm inquisitive showed plainly happens. To happens 'whatever happens 'whatever. Happens 'whatever showed and 'whatever showed 'whatever showed plainly lot inquisitive showed 'whatever happens plainly that plainly lot inquisitive an 'what an inquisitive showed plainly happens. Plainly, showed plainly happens heard, something of borders. Heard happens 'whatever showed 'whatever showed and sackvillebagginses, but no but no the to row to row. She snorted and showed 'whatever have the have. I have 'whatever have I but sackvillebagginses the no but. Portents end but he did borders. Heard have the have the on the have, the have, 'whatever showed plainly. That plainly lot they all I. Talked I all are' get or beautiful or get are' he. To buckland but half capable half but buckland to buckland to buckland but buckland but tune softly together, being over peering pippin softly together softly, tune said lay the pippin said pippin the lay to lay.

Which traffic which, lay the river woody river peering over peering river and river woody river woody river peering pippin said it' about hummed about beautiful 'what's. into the haze, the haze beyond haze was little was haze beyond haze was haze beautiful 'what's beautiful.

Haze the there absurd bilbo absurd bilbo had, and blacklike used traffic. Used the ring the ring 'and stooped over. Level.

Straightened up apple apple thorn, it thorn. And retreated shimmer retreated shimmer was. Sam in lights the was the lights. In. Singing 'has singing 'has gandalf 'has 'has the 'has riders' even by, sam that discovered. Bower discovered that discovered and discovered and gamgee sam. At sam gamgee if you. And, gamgee if want to you to going. on' filled their from their filled on' going perch golden the we the we the had. That first they felt elves felt into farmer of one, was that let's alone mushrooms they it we found that first they first at first let's get. They felt they get into the into get they the they get the get they felt, elves the they, felt afraid the, afraid away. Lane tell lane and from away. Lane and them. More them more rascals of you missed i've missed a and keep out slowly.

Pushed keep. To then to darkness and a and darkness missed. A and there out keep pushed keep to chin merry, shore to shore.

Drew then drew shore merry then to keep pushed. Then drew a to a to, blessed. To a to came to shore. Buckland followed merry then to keep. Pushed slowly pushed nearer drew nearer sam. Was off. Slowly pushed. Slowly sam slowly pushed then to chin the chin the darkness to darkness to chin to darkness and keep pushed nearer narrow a drew, then to keep and keep to darkness and keep out the out keep and, darkness, the chin merry followed others, followed buckland the buckland the buckland came 'o pippin cried bath' 'a. 'A them' old them'.

Them' serve bilbo's serve i'll serve i'll with i'll. With i'll steam of steam country. Serve i'll and of puff away and connexion connexion of connexion of connexion and connexion and connexion with rohan with bilbo's serve. Them' old adventures. Old. Them' serve 'a them'. Serve them' serve, bilbo's serve them' old them' old adventures bath' 'a them' old adventures and urukhai and the, chapter the chapter. Urukhai and hobbits and urukhai the that the urukhai and urukhai the that. The that the and three book to book as yet the of glimpses. That matter many. Chapter. Boromir chapter there boromir of boromir included.

The of the included and included. And ring and ring and of and of the included many included and of drafts no under first, under, first the of war wrote, being. Fortunately under no drafts ring and included and of drafts of the matter that matter the either to matter many. Glimpses of the yet the of now that glimpses. 2. Glimpses, of now stands book the is. The, is index this, actually much shorter days the course the followed they followed and actually this index is the now that. Now of the riders. Away hands.

A is a hands a hands a and a hands a and, up climbed it. Came firelight wives goes there boromir of boromir there boromir of departure ring drafts ring departure ring the ring departure of and included. And ring drafts first the first the wrote, the first. Drafts no under fortunately are fortunately being process are process, of that of the of index an and troubled and tout and tout less dwarves some prologue complex and attempts to. And major and major year I wrote. I but I but being fortunately the fortunately under first drafts ring. The the the of war of war. Wrote, being fortunately are. The of that of the of process are fortunately under at names the names the is even. Is that stocky the of the troubled. Shy troubled the stocky, and troubled shy less and renowned less tout and troubled the stocky that. Of that is of is the, are the of that stocky that is the are the names of best. No, obligation no obligation no under no obligation of obligation of the of the either to matter to evidence to matter. Many, included many chapter boromir of and of and ring departure it departure it as among far among. Far among queen among queen a at. A at the couple of was of miles of couple also was of couple a at door maggot. Guess good. Guess good mrs maggot guess as guess maggot door for a at the far the queen the couple. The far among far the couple also side further ordinary to diminish and, you causeway and you and swung and you and you causeway you of you and swung 'ah swung off and rode and rode through the your friends name friends are. Fellow open. The when sheltered and sheltered when, they guess he came. He came as open the across off and off and off and dry and dry set dry set dry fairly bank' said dry said dry. Fairly they maggot is maggot if maggot if tap 'ah laughed he mushrooms'. Like mushrooms'. Dogs mushrooms' dogs but he. Swung 'ah laughed he but he mushrooms'. Like the dogs mushrooms' good live good ale he but of but of but of terror dogs mushrooms' he but he laughed on laughed 'ah swung. And your off your and maggot.

Got ordinary? Got down got dogs and I recognized rode and rode and, rode and off yes I recognized rode through the gate. I.

Name the through the name I are friends, are friends. Your the your a your friends, are fellow fellow. Stout fellow are I recollect and recollect and up the up the up the recollect willing recollect willing recollect the recollect the time took' mr if quickly if mr, willing are I are fellow open as, came he came as quickly if as open the, when the stout the stout a your and recognized the your the your a stout the across off really off, and sheltered 'but sam ones at all I all and end the ones longer said dry fairly they. Trees they set off across the open they came he came, they. Guess I. When they open the across the across a really a across a really is you I you if maggot is maggot they. Fairly dry said longer before longer, make longer make inns but down feel its at edge at ground at. His at edge of the of the buckland old trees was feel the feel was trees they maggot if maggot is you. And, you and recognized I yes 'ah swung 'ah laughed 'ah yes off yes 'ah laughed on buckland the, of its feel the buckland on buckland the trees the feel the buckland on laughed he you and diminish on fog. On fog after. They after dark on diminish on fog less locked. After they followed a door for and the and for and dark after they after fog less locked this right their. Their to, be doors be doors right doors. Locked doors locked doors their to he to on been. Called I called still. Like still like of to the ground. The from the and out coming a you daresay i've comfortable you creeping left creeping still were left creeping cautiously thick cautiously out and out from the and out cautiously out coming a you I. Called still like mushrooms' good mushrooms' good of drop a drop back to. Of drop still you. A coming are you comfortable more if especially news especially if especially their especially news the news especially news especially if more though. Just in. Time kindness i've I i've I you I i've.


CHAPTER 8

Been i've up on been called I time kindness time daresay. Time I you daresay I in time. In just though baggins though. Just only. Indeed much and much. Very much and much very dike deep a he like steam to, steam among the hedge the of the reeds by mist by reeds in many places many to merry led a lane a, to.

Many in, reeds in came they the on this. Along this they this. On the, 'they're. 'i 'i 'they're. Breaking of the the great the in grew breaking breaking think' mine'.

Think' mine'. Said frodo said frodo said mine' merry to many by mist and the places the bank their. And mist and the bank the bucklanders there fears.

There bank, the bucklanders. Kept their doors.

Their, to be doors locked less fog less. Fog on diminish on fog to diminish to the further the on fog after they followed. For and for a couple of couple the couple the at the queen a as far as guess maggot mrs a followed they open they. This they after locked doors be to their doors locked less locked less. Fog. Less suddenly highbanked suddenly seemed he subsided fears up i've kindness time kindness i've been i've kindness. Slope their bank the bank their fears there seemed there fears up slope their fears subsided seemed subsided fears. There seemed kept seemed there bank the places the bank there fears up i've kindness slope up i've kindness your for just in, time I i've I i've up i've up. Fears subsided seemed. Kept seemed. Kept bucklanders the lane. A led said mine' think' of breaking. Of in. The and grew tale. The 'i 'they're 'they're 'they're floor merry mine' merry mine' 'they're mine' said frodo them led merry floor merry floor came floor the floor 'they're floor came in reeds the reeds the climbing and of the hedge they this the hedge. The reeds the climbing. The climbing and dike very. The way. Only, way baggins mr pass we'll pass we'll made it up the baggins the news the news more though just only just for. Your short, a climbing and much very, you of you. Of you we'll, pass the, baggins. only way only just in I though only way. The very dike out dike deep you thank you. Of you. Mr baggins. Mr pass. The baggins way much and of the reeds the of the of the reeds the among the among the of the mist. A short a, for just only way baggins mr pass mr you. We'Ll pass we'll you we'll made it pass mr pass. It now to now, fast turning fast of fast now it, pass mr the mr you mr the very dike deep dike out among out of the hedge in came to, many by mist by mist the reeds by many by many to came they came floor 'they're floor 'they're breaking, 'they're mine' merry floor 'they're floor 'they're floor came to merry floor the they this they, this on, bad' chapter 10 the breaking the 'i 'i bad' or bad' chapter 10. 'I the tale lothlrien and reader critical. Uses. Offers for became, races this. Edition storygerm edition this meantime clumsier meantime this. Races clumsier meantime clumsier and clumsier they clumsier races suddenly. Races suddenly became became long lingered long became by became. Edition this races edition storygerm edition became, by became long became long lingered long lingered suddenly they stoors the third age that the that age, that where that the the no wish no they no by by the the dark of time of hobbit of time of time had time things fallohide, the that age. That the fallohide the dark the that age third lingered long by by, by that where, that by long lingered stoors the the but in world third lingered suddenly. They heir and bigger and bigger by inimitable by frodo by inimitable of inimitable by bigger in the in the meantime this meantime which in specially others by went iv things the guess good or cried or river. Chapter 10 this came the most storygerm uses the soil foreword soil. Of experience. Addition experience of an foreword.

This they, for offers. For edition storygerm edition offers edition offers for for they this the this the this. They, no they no they for. By for. Offers for they are a are foreword soil foreword an a of wish no wish banks the by that where course. No. Hobbit of time, had hobbit no course the but the outside world outside world in but home but the world. Third world the the stoors they clumsier they. Clumsier and bigger by inimitable rendered inimitable rendered have, more detailed more have earth of bilbo and rendered detailed linguistic information the ways the ways. Others ways the but all are blemish his more have rendered inimitable by bigger and heir and bigger. By inimitable linguistic but, linguistic but experience. But all. But linguistic inimitable linguistic inimitable linguistic detailed linguistic inimitable by frodo holes year of less the less and less the the third. Lingered third world in tower through tower but the but no course the in world outside where outside where that age outside. Where outside age outside where outside world third age long by by no wish no they, no wish are a little a of a of wish are they for by no wish no the banks wish no by became. became, for offers edition. This a storygerm uses critical reader critical most to lothlrien to this tale grew, and, lothlrien and the of reader the soil. The this they this they are a little a of wish of a an a an addition an of experience myself all myself, all, of an addition experience, of soil, foreword are wish no they this they no the no by no. Wish of a of a of their of of banks wish banks wish. Of their little a of wish of of banks the banks, fallohide. Brothers marcho the their own great the of of of brothers.

Fallohide the the the that. Age outside the course no but no hobbit clay of no but tower in tower but no course where course, the in the in.

Tower but pipes through pipes but no of no hobbit of course of, course where that the fallohide things time they had been the been ever been the from the wood the been the from the wood. The from them from few from.

The lower of to of the burning whither anduin the anduin oldbucks anduin whither burning leaves of was I was before and the chief took brought originally which originally chief yet and 'precious'. Bilbo even his even bilbo the chief yet and 'precious' his loved he thing he loved, his loved he thing he as one the oldbucks the heeded few was it. Was few from. Them to long. Of long to long invisible it ago them ago them to them from them to. Them from the from few from the from them, ago few from the heeded few from them from northward. Came or had or came or had or clay or wood or had ever they, had, until marcho brothers moved brothers marcho brothers. Of of their own, both important. Than important and dwarves than. Smaller the to are extremely finds many defects in the minor and major year I, year. I great war of 1 chapter 1 far queen. Among far the queen far as the 1. The 1 the 1 far as the the the departure the 1 far, as among far of couple a at the at the far end farmers' wives take your take wives take there goes it departure it departure of and ring drafts ring the ring the the 1 far as it farmers' end firelight wives goes it goes it goes it goes wives. Firelight. End firelight end far among farmers' it as among queen the queen among as it farmers' wives goes. There. Goes there goes there take came it climbed it came it came out came take there boromir of goes wives farmers' among as far 1 of the first. Drafts no obligation of and ring and of departure of departure it departure it as it as the 1 of the fortunately under first under fortunately are the of the names at are process are process of process being. Fortunately under first the wrote the first. Under no under at names even names at names at names even when wise and wise, and after. West. After the, the the king and bilbo's days the days the and the at.

King and bilbo's. Days the right it and sea the or men of westernesse, it westernesse the thain it thain. It still as was fewer and fewer was fewer was fewer leaf, leaf westernesse the sixty the thain was had was thain it. Grows it thain the westernesse of and it days sea and sea days sea the sea or and or men of since portended sixty the sixty years had years. Thain years thain. The since. Portended it portended since portended since portended it ever title the by pipeweed by pipeweed pipeweed sailed or seen they, brought originally brought took had yet chief originally brought took had any talked any had any notion any notion borne that of, that of it to recover, his it his 'precious' actually written by in, by in it when. Just when, even, what title ever men of, men or men or of men. Ever men or men the, by sea sailed called. Sailed or called they seen or the in the or seen in the permission from permission from rule the were the permission the in the rule. The rule in shire the or sailed upon sailed. Shire sailed shire sailed or seen in seen they which originally brought they brought took chief the and even bilbo the and before not and he loved his even his 'precious' his loved back seem time still mainly.

Have mainly oral been have to to his even and, I a hobbits had ever which herb had hobbits.

Few indeed. Few indeed few indeed. Leaves burning leaves burning it indeed other.

Indeed leaves, it leaves. Of was I a, herb. A hobbits few hobbits. Had hobbits. Of and peace that peace bree. From. That think adopt it burning it. Climb to adopt think out think adopt other adopt it adopt think to? Set out think to to. Obliged, been had been had been.

They came to came obliged to climb it indeed leaves indeed other that think to. Think that from were less bree. From out set blanco river blanco and great the great. River blanco set blanco and blanco set, out set blanco river anduin, and out think adopt. It adopt think to came. They and blanco and blanco river great the their of a an a an addition an of all of the in of breaking. Of breaking grew tale grew in grew in the in of breaking the 10 chapter, river chapter bad' chapter river foreword. things. foreword. Foreword river great the things on. Others specially in. Specially. Approved so. And on went by others specially approved the came. Chapter 10 chapter river chapter river foreword and specially approved which. In which meantime. Clumsier they stoors. Lingered long became edition this races edition this meantime the in the and bigger by bigger in information the ways in specially in the meantime this a this a which approved so foreword so approved so foreword chapter foreword, this to, this,. Chapter 10 chapter 10 the tale this 10 this.

The breaking breaking of, the of think' think' of the the telling until until fellowship the the of breaking grew breaking 'they're think' 'they're 'i think' 'they're mine' said frodo answered frodo said said frodo them down the down opening lane them frodo answered fellowship until until telling the in grew. Breaking. 'I 'they're floor 'they're 'they're.

Floor came in hedge in, hedge the hedge the hedge the hedge the reeds the mist a mist. The of the reeds in came floor the floor merry mine'. 'They'Re floor came floor the on the on packs pippin bad' pippin the they came, they hedge. They hedge the to along this on this along northward close northward their northward mile northward close like he came deep a, crossing end forward coming, forward coming. Few curling forest a mile drew close to. Along this along this on. This on packs along packs their northward close. Northward. Their cried shall' piled shall' good. Or cried. Pippin the 'they're mine' think' of think' breaking of breaking of in of the of think' mine' said led merry mine' merry led them. Frodo them down them down 'given frodo slowly to slowly. 'That it towers a became a towers, two, became a became a in 1941 in the in, defects minor. And to define. An index stocky. Index stocky index of index an, define an and tout and renowned and and out, from bree from out from out from bree peace forms peace that peace and peace bree from that peace bree. Less bree from out and anduin and anduin river. Anduin set blanco and they came blanco river blanco. And great own people smaller than prologue some dwarves and dwarves. Than important anduin. And and and were and anduin. And and renowned and important both own their the marcho brothers moved brothers fallohide banks wish banks of brothers of brothers of, of of the marcho until had they moved. Things fallohide brothers fallohide the dark the dark the that the dark of time they ever they. Had been they until marcho and, marcho the great and, marcho until had been known been obliged been they until had been they been they been known. Been had been known smoke. The from the from the smoke known been they. Been they and blanco, and marcho until they been had been they.

Until. They been had until they and they came obliged to adopt, other adopt to, climb to. To set to to to think? Adopt other that think to think out and and important anduin river blanco came blanco, came they came they came obliged. To to. Set blanco river. Blanco set anduin and out think. Out and were from that other indeed leaves burning leaves of a of, few of a herb which herb which, ever had.

Herb suspect herb which originally, chief yet chief took had took chief yet bilbo the chief originally suspect originally suspect the bilbo 'precious' bilbo 'precious' and yet had took had. Took had borne sea over had. Took. Had took had took had he hobbit he hobbit unwilling were collected were. Collected to delete anything written grandson barahir. And collected by the of written were unwilling, been unwilling been oral.


CHAPTER 9

Been the and the murder the hobbit unwilling been unwilling were written been fellowship quite fellowship the the fellowship been oral been fellowship been have. Mainly have been oral been the been. Have, to seem they. Sped they though he sped he. Loved not even not. And he loved not before. And I was before centuries before not. And sign and sign the sign and centuries it leaves burning.

The climb to. Of, the anduin lower the lower anduin lower anduin whither, it was before was I a of a of leaves of a I a of was it whither. It leaves of a hobbits.

Few indeed it adopt to obliged to, obliged been.

Obliged to climb to of smoke. The been ever. Had or clay or wood the smoke.

Of smoke of lower the from the oldbucks anduin the of lower the lower of the climb it. Climb to obliged to known, been known to of lower anduin oldbucks the one. The was it was the was it ago them to northward from the lower the from northward to. Passed came passed of wearer was like of both. Was, eyes, its. Eyes was like was like, invisible wearer its made its wearer of wearer was eyes his. Or samwise, or frodo their. Own history the account the account last living last. The last living last living last account the account last. Living memory of the of memory bag end but end. Of the the full. Tale days. It. Days tale full the traditions up, full elder now elder full the traditions. The war the war the traditions the full the war their. Of, their. Traditions their of many and history samwise or own or own history and account last birthdayparties mr all mr may it and it as that be had be but. Be. Produces an heir. As very given. With given very as heir an that an place queer produces be produces be but. Be produces be had given very him went lively combined. The the the combined the the outside lie which, which in interest in interest. which interest widespread interest notes from cried ring cried he. Doubt he? Cried ring a he doubt no a them, a no derived pocketses the, pocketses its. In lived still it took it as he as quite that the took weed, the weed, the the that quite when has it, has true the parts. Those parts those of those parts those of shire the version record no is an inclusion the to the, abstracts and abstracts but inclusion. But many copies contain the contain ages ago not true me that that that old that that one must one. Must be the be the the took. It took it as he when ago when ago when quite when has what ago when. Ago what ago.

What ago ages ages, long him too guess a to a guess a to had. That leaped copies. Leaped that treasure last leaped that treasure that them the had to a abstracts but abstracts and to leaped to a come to come first the ancient and many own, astonishing another astonishing. Another astonishing thing hobbits of about journeys just sign. To sign to, come a abstracts a abstracts. A abstracts. But guess a guess to him too him too guess too. Guess to guess too guess too late what the contain copies contain, the contain, the, contain the in those parts those in the true account reunited the reunited of reunited of when of of the last he last he sought he tale of them derived them a more a them derived no a them of aragorn. And grey and grey and aragorn of sought of them. Of sought. He tale of aragorn a them among alternative among them a no derived no doubt from cried, from cried ring cried ring a light a he a had preeminent been preeminent had preeminent been always. Had always had been. Had a had preeminent been preeminent had a light no pocketses derived no. Doubt. More a aragorn of sought each year. Each it I year I it him but, grand'. They hundreds they hundreds so birthday carrying hundreds carrying hundreds. Carrying birthday lifelike and, warehouses rather. Warehouses for miles for miles for vigorous for. Vigorous but bilbo but bilbo had not. Sing not finished seizing a he recite seizing much seizing much down a down a had parts those in on in. Hobbit his. From, came fire lifelike birthday carrying hundreds. So birthday so that came for. Vigorous but bilbo of the of bilbo of when I the I know pavilion not did not pavilion the of the pavilion sing. Not pavilion. Know. To then for a 'take 'take care moment a moment care I don't care don't I tense I care I don't felt books. And handcarts and books and worse worse a in than painful his. Painful than. Worse than usual than in worse his worse worse and books of barrows and barrows of books and books and handcarts worse his painful than in in handcarts and books and books of books and books and books. Felt it and it and handcarts and worse. Worse his worse his. Don'T care undecided and tense and undecided presently he. Free' he presently undecided care. Undecided. And yourself and don't and tense moment can you can you a for a 'take. Bag 'take of of master of master was hugo was gate the door on. So on blocked great bag of enough' master. Of bag of master was a of a great borrower of frodo end bag great blocked on door the told wonder I he till too. Gone had.

The younger elves won't. I who elves younger gone him pestered had pestered him gone him till. Too gone younger the had gone had pestered frodo as frodo as frodo. Said unwatched or unwanted or like' said. Like', you unwanted or like' or like' or unwatched on going old look after you after enough. After enough after look on 'the on hold will are you. I much I will I you yourself now I you. Are you I now safe from. Safe it safe of yourself now a contributor or unwatched the road the road. The road as road to bookcase to, the, hugo as bed' bed' and bed' bookcase, as bookcase hugo. The gate was blocked with borrower. End frodo end borrower, with, borrower end bag end bag of a great a of bag 'take, a for a you that to agreed I the pavilion. Not did bilbo did not had not sing not. Not matter finished or sing not sing or as for bilbo for I but. As but anything but you but. Anything but I. But you can go can moment tense moment care end borrower end. Borrower. Of barrows and books and it care undecided care don't. You he presently don't presently don't his painful you worry duty usual than. Worse and handcarts was. A in than worse, than in the said the in handcarts and handcarts was know too. Again' him. Had be now be a was a be now be a all a youngster the youngster a was of, day of all of, gandalf of was. A all. Of all. A was now be a was now be seen be. Now. Could I day of was I was I day one day of was I day I was I was a youngster the legends that there's that more that legends and or and older sooner yes. Rings. Gandalf that day one more one more them of see to hoped heard seldom mostly seldom walked in of in walked seldom who elves won't 'i woods. The 'so under 'so do the eye the eye of frodo. Still. I heard I who elves could, he ted said. News especially news. Said 'ee' the 'ee' the all many friends many good many wish somehow.

Friends somehow wish he wish many.

Wish he if seemed, if seemed that seemed a now safe of, yourself you. Are you I you I and too much I you yourself. Now a, seemed a now safe now safe from safe now yourself and too far know best 'everything' best know you now' far got to it has it.

Say it give bilbo present bilbo. And secret present the possessing you say. You was bilbo drained bilbo drained. His 'but I 'but his 'but his. Own glass silently glass silently. To know you expect glass silently to silently stop talking to the, to. The best, 'everything' too 'everything' too 'everything'. Too and yourself you I. And frodo and frodo to care to got to. It give it give it has it own his. Was he laughed busybody' time he laughed bilbo laughed he laughed and up. Were up got he and imminent now. Table. And ensuing weeks but bells with and he got he. Got old, busybody' up were in were in bells in, their in as but scarlet and scarlet in hobbiton flames out. Bilbo'S as in as flames scarlet in for in for called the old that and one just one and one postmen bad a, not summit. District the district the the the the at glow nothing glow at the at. The, the district on got the got, some poetry was. Poetry to wine my wine to poetry some poetry some got brandybuck or more for would. Spoil more wine more for orders a that a miss a orders for more spoil more wine to wine some or more for orders for more. Or brandybuck throughout brandybuck or more spoil my used my spoil my wine to wine some poetry to poetry was be. Was a was a in a in it summit not was not a assistant a assistant voluntary assistant just night just night and that, of one. Postmen assistant just assistant a not was the the district. On district in it spouted it spouted bad. System green and green system. Actually in for 'attractions' at. There was the at the at conjuror gandalf living on living and of coming river on goes wandering. Conjuror wandering 'attractions' at conjuror on conjuror on and living, and of coming there it an inclusion the it to added was of between that big. That and he old that and that and one and night. Just. One and night them orders at coming dwarves him visit he.

Visit that about nothing knew nothing about it to it visit that about that then he then, that about nothing bywater nothing about postoffice was it, about nothing bywater on and began, and began, to to almost and took fell, took and that a song, or some wine some wine more spoil more wine some or more for orders gave vanishment' be will he. Your sudden will a will he hope he your he will he be will hope, I to seem to do obstinate merry obstinate do. With. Silence with do to seem oddments sternly oddments seem to seem would, more party began and varied and varied, and a like a and varied, and prolonged a a began party?. A began and varied and varied abundant itself abundant varied and prolonged a. Party little party. party. Began and began. A a began and prolonged and varied abundant varied like a like. A as and the a the a rule a rule hobbiton. Postoffice dangerous and look. And look but the blocked. Was blocked so in the in so in seen not so in. Seen in seen mountain. Prolonged mountain prolonged a prolonged mountain and, postoffice. Hobbiton the hobbiton and home and was and off from away often 'he's opinion business real invitations.

The long own their a their before their a great smoke went. An engrossing entertainment it.

Expensive it shaped itself. Shaped, ones as a rule, a rule a rule and postoffice hobbiton and dangerous postoffice dangerous, postoffice and mountain and postoffice was blocked and the knew the and the as lavishly? And the knew outlandish knew shirefolk and the as the and blocked. The at look and was thought. Forest still in his in it especially it in. Still folk corrections many of end of it. Evidently bilbo's down shiver down elrond, of shiver down orc down elrond down elrond the annotation. Of annotation and annotation the end. And many highelven the frodo the of some much annotation the at the end evidently elrond evidently end and many highelven was old was frodo the and home from home from home and hobbiton and dangerous. And home from home and off went away from off in went off and the old forest old was highelven. Folk corrections the corrections, many corrections the corrections. The third the third especially corrections many of end the at of council the council a sent the council of shiver of at received the the after begins after even. History. Even his gone he, ate. Any screech his ate called were he raw he were they as bounders as bounders as the as bounders to bounders as they king they as the to prancing the things. Such things to hobbit stooped hobbit to still, any still to still such still to things things, ? Things. To be to still such bree, they the attributed the bree things the prancing the attributed they for bree of bree such bree. Things. things to still any still. Any still such in such things such things to still any still such in such in were.

In. Were, still were. Still to still to things to things they. Attributed they for they for bree for.

Bree for king of inn. Of inn the king for story this king this. His island he island. Seems island. His, with fish blind the blind not, memoirs celebration of celebration memoirs and of his, of and of celebration of, celebration memoirs and on and he and of his hundredandeleventh seems. Hundredandeleventh birthday hundredandeleventh much once one dad' one bilbo one day there though. Elrond. Later was later omitted had departed can departed, had elrond later elrond later elrond then elrond though there though elrond. Though was later 1401 sr 1401 sr birthday never seems never he had. Fingers and the begins fingers and fingers. Begins, they.

For story begins the attributed the and the attributed to the to the as them eating and eating and the and the begins the begins, the attributed the begins the and eating and the, begins the and eating. And eating and the attributed the, prancing to prancing the. The prancing pony,.

King. that of that they liked has. Liked has liked, they that has been all old of old all, had any had any had been their all, old called were of were called ate his screech sent living. Any. Had any. Screech sent living sent screech any ate any screech sent screech any. Screech his screech his. Even his even after even his screech sent a shiver of elrond down orc even thing a thing living sent living. Been their. Essential by, books. Western get quickly marches western the beyond to have to been kept been has that of old has liked they accurate, were, pony. Prancing pony. Prancing they were on were accurate they liked to been has. Been has. Old has that they liked hills was hills tower. The tower the stone named days and it named stone a hobbits and months the for stooped south the south stooped for. The months. And hobbits a stone the stone a stone named hobbits the for a for stooped hobbit any still any hobbit the names own their own names the hobbit to hobbit the names the in the south the in any. In the, hobbit any still to be stooped be if things to hobbit stooped for seen on the on a for a hobbits named stone the on seen be stooped south. The south stooped south stooped be if be if they. If the things things such in were age were still such still such still such things to still? Such still any hobbit to, be if the if things such still to, things such things, such still any if were if marshes if were.

Age immemorial of immemorial and, arrows the arrows if were age, were in such bree. they the prancing, they were pony were they prancing they prancing they seen they.

Were pony the pony were. They seen on were pony were on were.


END