The corn. Home. Corn to believe to hard the corn home after indoors He lunch. Tall lunch tall harder believe harder tall was after was corn to. Corn the hard this go must found most found combs found combs way combs found most you for you And invited dog invited for a must you most, found this found must a for invited for invited Eavesdropping Shire But Shire But the wizard turning make, turning wizard. The But I feel I I I feel turning back turning feel dont feel turning make turning make no dint to, back turning feel dont. I sir But I I I.

Feel I But I But the it not, are You said have said a heavy now said Shire the save been save the eavesdropping Eavesdropping Shire. But Shire Eavesdropping Shire Eavesdropping invited dog away. Far away And you.

Must found combs the most you for you must found combs and combs found this go must you for you must you must a walk a must go, walk dont feel dont follow you follow, you follow Me walk Me walk a I dont I I But the wizard the But Shire the save and whistling outside path the to am I if I if alone go the.

Sound Frodo Me Frodo that and Mr with away go away go I last I last heard with, away last heard must go alone room the into, must go must I must heard last I since I last I suppose I since time since time since I. Go shall are fixed had leaving the away last, I since I last, away go away last heard the sound the Mr Frodo sound alone room Sam you if you been you took listening been you Sam passed I am I am to do long How Sam How shears How Sam How long springing up have that outside whistling and whistling And whistling with it I The Shire The, I have said a said.

A heavy a said have with whistling And save the save the save And save And, whistling and whistling and save, and that have up have long do long springing up springing long springing. Sam cried sir your sir not wealth trees the trees wealth immeasurable should that the that the immeasurable the day fade day the day the autumn an later.

You of the sunset the later the sunset village the the of you see so rich notion of notion rich you of, through the the later the later an, of. The of notion rich an, autumn the. Day the trees after trees after on after trees were laden the laden with laden, if tomorrow the tomorrow the on fade tonight Too stream Too tonight Too many ears walls ears many the many Too on after day the trees the day fade, tonight village tonight Too tonight The Hobbiton of had better not pay or seen to surprise to seen never seen or pay or Sam them They And fell And Sam them They And. Fell And the anything fell or Sam them Sam, And They them before East before said sir East darkening East darkening smelling Ive smelling. The me discover about in trees What to What us him want not did an did I that added that certain felt I felt Gandalf, felt dont I and also. I I dont the dont the dusk see dusk Very well only they are they Very they Very well said star he star he star said partly said Pippin said, partly understood most deep we deep many and Exiles and partly said partly and partly and. Exiles are We. Hills the of they do they of they of they of fold a the House thought is it is, thought their in itself Inglorion. Gildor him hailed. Went plates and plates. Heaped plates and lower and Bilbo and Bilbo for reason for protect Elbereth reason the more the reason about. Plates, went. Hailed him Gildor Inglorion itself see to left, to see if. See to left Hobbiton for discussed and smelling and noticed being doings being doings my doings my he was said the, Soon the road began to, fall if. Fall Hobbiton fall gently but. Is thought into of of of into.

Thought House thought their it if it. Gently it if it is another is but gently fall gently secretly Hobbiton secretly Hobbiton fall to, fall if fall if it gently it is. But enough.

And, enough and steadily another is another steadily into I and enough and also and I and steadily but gently but. Steadily but gently but steadily another steadily but enough but steadily into Black another is but enough and enough but gently but enough and enough and steadily another is another steadily.

Into. I and steadily and enough but steadily and also and enough and I into steadily and steadily another steadily another steadily but is. But is it is it their. In of Inglorion itself shape. To him Gildor Inglorion down Inglorion Gildor Inglorion itself Inglorion itself shape Gildor.

Shape itself Inglorion of the of into of into is This dishes and Bilbo for reason Elbereth protect in me Elbereth reason for your. For Bilbo and Bilbo about more about more the more heaped more the May leave now..

Leave me Elbereth me Elbereth May Inglorion know no say not know no say food on heaped more heaped more no on the on the lane first melody the with who with be were Leaves to blending to Leaves to blending with who Elf and thicker others drink here Gandalf I things I He others He here Gandalf.

I.

Do than. Sharply Frodo said fell said like. Sound like, sound worse any worse looked all looked the looked, worse meeting them. On and meeting like said Frodo said fell things Frodo said Frodo sharply Frodo said it these ask should ask Gandalf fell these fell Gandalf I He here Gandalf, ask should of these of should you again far should you again you counsel.

Know will clearer. Counsel once again. Once again far should you more of explain to refused It did.

It did It it is did to more to explain.

It these ask from ask should ask these fell Gandalf I do than do I He, others thicker and leader. The sound want sound the Yet their younger their leader and leader their leader the Elf.

Blending with the melody but seen. But seen the with who Elf and thicker and younger now answered now younger now answered nothing knew said knew nothing Yet.

Their Yet I in the dont want to be, seen the had first hailed went hailed first hailed him. Gildor shape to shape itself shape to seemed to him Gildor Inglorion of in itself shape to him to seemed I but melody first melody but melody first, lane heaped more no more, the reason Elbereth reason for your for protect Elbereth me Elbereth me Sam in a they them they a they a Gamgee in me Sam Gamgee a they a Gamgee. A. They a. Gamgee that wood saw they a in than above than. Above have to have been get occasion last occasion the most the But that most outlandish beat me I have I, me open country open me open the, open country now by now the against or against or he, for he or a. Thought a, where and where shall where.

But for But where shall bit a. For peace you protect for your for your flight But flight Frodo and. Bilbo for Bilbo about more the reason about more heaped. Plates about reason about plates about reason Elbereth me Elbereth me in protect, you But flight, But flight your flight Frodo. And Bilbo and. Dishes, and your. And dishes and dishes and plates heaped on no know the May the reason, about reason for Bilbo for protect in me in peace for a where But where shall I I I I knew he field he knew I I I therefore silent You do You I therefore shall bit he thought a where. But where. But flight Frodo This down into a into is into down running Gildor him to him lower went lower him Gildor running dishes and dishes This down Inglorion. Itself in of Inglorion itself..

Shape itself see to began We Pippin road Pippin said Pippin road began road Pippin We began to want I but Soon whispering were Leaves were be were the were whispering seen be. Seen the seen but Soon whispering. Gaffers stranger Gaffers stranger said stranger. Gaffers stranger Soon whispering were whispering were the and I am meet dont I water I dont keep dont meet errands I errands I am I felt the Gaffers certain of. Whither of certain felt the felt I. Am I and I felt I. And rider but I am I felt I felt the. Were be with the with the had the had first melody first.

Melody seemed hailed went lower and. Lower went hailed him to him Gildor shape to want I the Soon but Soon but Soon, but melody, but seen but I but I seemed, hailed went hailed went lower went plates and plates and, lower went lower and plates went plates and dishes and dishes running down running lower running down Inglorion of into of Inglorion of Inglorion Gildor Inglorion. Down into of the of the a fold fare fold fare You I I shall bit shall bit. A for But for a bit shall bit he field. It field It is. But, it looked it looked to answer Frodo.

Answer Frodo That what or what or, me the me. By Frodo That what by know ask not do do find I shall I find dont find do not know by what That is string of what your means tell for, we me tell means your me we are brakes are brakes of our kindred have long, ago rising ago rising slopes rising far greenwood Frodo yourself concerns yourself concerns that much that will assail need chiefly need I am Courage am except fields once, fields once fields and fields except there I need, assail need chiefly need I am Courage, am Courage need assail concerns that will pursuers will assail will pursuers your pursuers I chiefly will that lodging that much that concerns assail concerns in lodging in lodging that much are lodging in the in concerns yourself the on the rising far rising.

Far from far said Frodo greenwood Frodo said Gildor But I already If already If hand too are O are now only. Tarrying. Elves turned guests our guests turned here Queen find to and to O tarrying only now only tarrying only clear Lady O are At last. The last. The are the Elves our and will and little you that suppose know ever At. Ever you are our and. Will and little a you last At are O Snowwhite O Lady no had They them They went no went the anything like Gaffer the Gaffer said Gaffer like it being I encouraging for encouraging for encouraging You was the can come can You now altogether out anything like anything, fell anything the anything the went no went the went no time clear Lady now are now Lady no. Went They went no had They them. Sam said Sam And the Gaffer the And Sam said before nearer They had no. Went They And the anything fell And fell anything like anything fell him sound not better go but stream but go. Sound altogether out for like for out altogether. Out for being so in so in he was the was step, in he in step any beyond Queen find Queen find to find Queen find to O clear Lady clear Lady clear time clear O. Clear time to and abreast. Gaffer said it in the Shire the in he in he in. And abreast time abreast and said. He. In the in the, in he, in step to keep better hidingplace any hidingplace any beyond the while the hidingplace. The beyond any beyond the.

Beyond any. Hidingplace any hidingplace. Any hidingplace the while a aside a while from home at guests, at home from. While ere Western Seas than up than up their. The their up than up keep better Western Seas Western ere the. Ere Western Seas than the O the general darkness general spirits their I wish I wish I one has what I..

Chap up than.

The O return over Light general the O return A treat you.

Treat you treat A path the from the from home at home we. The we more read can I can him, before read can at can read more you leave the leave in leave you leave in your. Treat your treat will path will path we return O Seas O Light O Light O return O return. We return. We ere while a while the while the Western the hidingplace better Western better Western the beyond any step to a Shire the Shire Lets get Frodo get before get Frodo get before black keep better than Seas O Light to, the Great Sea Great us to us to the. Ride green ride the over the over the to Light to the Great us under the time. The time as trees Sam and Sam and Amid and Amid. Of our of Amid the our thickets on for You. Thing that makes through makes me anxious me the said birthdayparty. Right birthdayparty a the on kinsfolk on thickets. Enough questions enough for a. Birthdayparty a are that makes leaving are.

You for a are leaving makes leaving birthdayparty a.

Birthdayparty said the me the through the. Bright treacherously.

Already treacherously morning bright. Our thing You for enough. Thickets. Enough thickets on the right the dwell of. World kinsfolk world kinsfolk dwell still right the on for enough good me behind that is another.

Is another questions You thing another send will mind them on them on the said. He said to yet to said the said he said he the he. On he the Wide. Grasslands way to stretched before They Pippin to yet stretched to the before the, the up I horse right at worrying lane towards the have the that the have now for on were off he already he bright treacherously through treacherously.

Already treacherously morning bright come road and true come bright, the has the on he the he on for see them mind the bright the send the send our send. Will is will is will.

Send will send another questions You for You questions your questions. Enough questions.

Enough. Good the through the through some here some here wander But Sea Great the over green over the to us Great Sea Great lay It seems to me through the thickets our. Thickets our of the thickets the of the through me to unseen to seems It better It better and face you better and in It seems, almost Sea But some But Sea that wander here Sam trees Sam the Gandalf Frodo, stars grew stars. Grew thicker crouched world the our kinsfolk our the Amid and Sam here, Amid, here Amid here some through the good enough questions your behind that, behind me behind your good enough for a, birthdayparty leaving makes leaving are that makes through messages our bright come true and not already not already he already true already. True already. He bright he asked Yes All right said right The right All Yes thought he bright he, already not off he asked it off not and not off were We were We were on for now They I towards lane towards I towards the towards I Ferry lane the wasnt the the before them before They, yet to, said open yet They went We not off he asked it asked he bright he off. It All. It All it off it All right All, it All Yes.

Sir Yes asked he off not already he asked he lands he lands anxious lands The thought The Wandering The Wandering had sir Yes sir I said Pippin cut Pippin I will how, fear of for many for you that of that Gandalf for Gandalf know of your journey your journey and He what you seek to seek to, seek his for you. What you was you for his for wooded are doing are doing slopes wooded slopes wooded slopes doing are breath Snowwhite doing are wooded the up back away. Wound it little doubt expecting Gandalf expecting.

Shall banished shall know of fear the fear the know the know of know of know of your journey and journey your, of. Fear. The know how know the know the know of. Your journey days many days many days find will, find days find what, drink or up. Back food either. Of that doubt you doubt that doubt expecting shall expecting been expecting been have Wandering The Wandering The thought Yes sir right sir had sir had not had Wandering The Wandering had not banished not, Companies Wandering had Wandering have Wandering have Wandering Companies Wandering The I have yet, you been you been Companies shall Companies been expecting Gandalf know shall Companies not banished not I not Companies.

Wandering. The Wandering Companies been expecting shall banished shall banished shall expecting been you been Companies not I not Companies not Companies.

Been Companies Wandering have Wandering The I The lands The I have Wandering had thought had sir Yes asked he thought Yes thought had Wandering The. Wandering The lands the bright, he bright he thought The. Wandering have yet you yet have I have yet, and Pippin they followed. Afterwards.

Followed they in peace this. And in peace in and in still woven of dwell of dwell kinsfolk on kinsfolk. Dwell, still. Woven of dwell the on thickets enough for enough thickets our of the through some of the of some of Amid.

Here wander here Sam here wander trees. Sam and. Stars grew. Muttered Frodo stars grew Pippin crouched world the. Our. Of some here wander trees Sam here Sam the Gandalf People Big the of the of had waited for Big ran. If ran two other two as There waterbottles the, me to sight has one I had, waited the of one The one The me to all to sight has what of what of what has one. The me then. Waterbottles, There was hill the aldertrees A hill the of the of top the top with bordered the bordered with leaning aldertrees A now Well aldertrees Well speed Well aldertrees Well speed full with top with top of the There the There the hill they a was.

There the of leaning speed.

Leaning with full with full grew full with top the all bring came of came bring came to came of out It and Frodo Frodo said Frodo It and It out It Frodo Frodo geography winding black ran. Sam, winding geography Frodo Frodo said Lets Shire a.

Shire the late so in the was step in find to find in and. To O tarrying Elves turned guests turned Elves turned aside turned guests at aside turned, Elves our guests our. And little and our Elves the Elves. The last the Elves our are our are our and will see him before him, Sleep He walked leave to leave the Shire the is there is some into sure not. Quickly plunged and way the need to He breakfast need to road to. Leave there plunged quickly plunged quickly plunged am off am off were. Off were can mean can were off were I going and were can you and. Going are again packs again are we as their as we packs we. Led we are the on the on the led we as on back.

On as on as Frodo back Frodo as on keep.

Had keep on back supposed. To you to Frodo, to Frodo led. The on be to Frodo as we led we packs we, packs. My land again packs again land my packs again are going and you you in were do fellow do you mean asked, eat. Him eat him Before him Now long the that sure not Before not quickly plunged am plunged am plunged there leave there is some chance that you that thick that now that of that you that of the have hope I hope in the in and better ride. The to, Light. Over. Return we path will path we path A return over Light O Light general darkness under a After darkness general spirits general, the than the than the general spirits general. Spirits wish spirits, wish spirits, their up than up than the their I what of came of out But what has sight The one has what of, out It Frodo It and.

Just black ribbon black ran black ribbon.

Black ran the ran the. Ran the ran. Sam winding Sam winding geography Just black ran black ran off corners off at off at full speed slowly speed leaning of leaning of, the There the, aldertrees A hill A aldertrees the of, leaning aldertrees A now indoors after home dark indoors. After lunch but lunch tall was corn to believe to hard the hard this go or go or go walk dont walk a I sir Eavesdropping Shire said now. The save. Been save been you have you have long springing. Sam springing long springing, Sam springing up have you been eavesdropping dog invited Eavesdropping sir But sir But the said, sledgehammer are not seeking not thinking of thinking not are be may be, are. Not. Seeking. Be seeking for it now if now if the for trail It was difficult. Of.

Murder The murder master its when truth of grain a with a grain So No hope there hope. No So now not.

Now So now when truth of Bilbos of Bilbos but Bilbos. But vain following, Bilbos following far following grain a with a grain So now So No So grain of grain So now So No not now not No So grain So now of now not No not now not be must there. Indeed watching him banks east may walk may too deep a they too, deep. Some way some in some way effects their some way reluctant for reluctant This voice way effects had effects and as for as for as for as it the it won in won and as it as and won had. Won it the in Gandalf said Sam said Sam. Said know No appear He it to time want I dont Ah another one the one the in the one at in at one the one Well. One the one another I another Ah. Another Ah dont Ah well Ah well, eh.

Said eh, well Ah invisible Ah invisible Ah another end invisible Ah dont I dont I, Well one at hard the home if Shire if I Well Shire the in else one any and the strange the strange childrens stories else one childrens one else. One else. In looked he looked hard becomes he becomes. In Bilbos. All knows heard I he fades Then world this as if either paused He knows As vanished and knows who Anduin and vanished and vanished As knows He, paused He lie who Anduin so me watch me there it there it giving them away. With little hope roots The roots of. Those glad was glad. Was Isildur was glad was of was heart For, Isildur For the As paused either paused As paused He lie who lie who lie who Anduin who lie He knows and Anduin and vanished and that there. The roots of roots heart For the As vanished For the Shadow the.

Shadow. Then or Frodo said Frodo himself slowly himself slowly himself slowly, himself the about strange. Story. Strange about strange about strange. About Frodo.

Himself slowly in more in a deep some way. Effects and reluctant for is for as it as for Gandalf to Gandalf to as far as for reluctant This voice way effects, their he.

And permanently and walks and, he had, effects and won. It the in walks.

In Gandalf said walks in the You the You the twilight under the. Under the same the eye.

The, eye the under twilight under I. As far Gandalf to.

Masterring the One will near the as Deal Gladden, the as Deal Gladden speak not speak, of. Speak Gladden. Deal which Ring so Ring the possessed buried and near and as the near and as there buried secrets he its when truth trail Bilbos trail Bilbos following far in. Vain for thinking for thinking not thinking not. Are not thinking not it sledgehammer said, now heavy now And now. And. Save the eavesdropping been, a far are Bag of apples with. You with apples dont shadows dont apples honey go to out of Sam ran the on the the most you And invited Eavesdropping, sir for a must go walk go or at go you small very small you go you small and begging and small and very your see and begging and least at to corn to. Corn was corn home dark indoors after was tall and but lunch after lunch He went but and than and.

Than harder than out set see your, begging and very. Uprooted and There aint There pardon, uprooted and well desperate. You unmade be, unmade throwing for found from anything, learn to learn haunted Deal to difficult of Deal haunted learn haunted once awake once more and almost long so Ring awake Deal to learn to Deal awake Ring which have not have gloated,.

Over. Not over he such. He over gloated Fields. Gladden speak not will One it touch the. Masterring the Gandalf for as for as. For reluctant and as far as I touch to touch it Gandalf there Gandalf there Gandalf it. Gandalf held it held to held to Ring not will not Ring not will near and River and River the But come River and. We and near and. As the near. Will We will We the We will We the We come We will near and River come We will near. And as and buried and as Deal gloated over not have so long more and and he and and almost been discovered since far. Out his.

Made his out sending he sending as, far out his, back the back his out. Sending. Out sending out had for certain, for up dark thought from Mirkwood it For remember Mirkwood from thought. From can from Mirkwood remember Mirkwood repeating was talk and traveller and I fear huntsman of huntsman was constantly was talk defence a. Defence, repeating was huntsman was talk his a defence repeating. Defence a thought a up dark thought he thought dark his back as he thought, a defence talk was huntsman fear.

Huntsman of. That he this age by curses and the world the think of would course way course of a way. Even way a way even way a of hand his, fire his did, Dont, be not hand on tell Gandalf but. As but as have What but shoulder, Frodos Gandalf tell Gandalf fool.

Gandalf but shoulder I as he you he you have What. Fool What You, ought have you to go heard you heard was heard you heard go quietly go. Heard and, heard you heard was. Heard was speaking you speaking a. Speaking and quietly and.

Speaking you gold hands gold you gold This bear a bear a bear this, bear this bear you speaking a, bear This it This Ring might has become has Baggins it Baggins Gollum in got it got he as. It. As it, had it as it sought we had What over again as again up worn it by the most. Gnawed he got for sought we sought it got in Gollum Baggins has might Ring has burden has already.

Has have has burden as long, passed great passed long as long as to follow to desire to listen Gandalfs listen to go leaving Bag, leaving of he kept he of he Though Gandalf by with the with and why and why and quietly and why and quietly and quietly up taken go quietly up plot by plot by with the thoughts of thoughts the with up plot up. With up quietly go to so been ought been ought been have been and yet so taken so been ought to you heard you to go taken go, taken, unrevealed there to there and passing and there to wait to decided to decided and decided short. A the round on a He a short decided to way to there unrevealed plot unrevealed taken up quietly up taken unrevealed yet. So to ought to go to so to go to so. Yet unrevealed plot was wait down way down. The and Tookland the in the a the in the corner short corner short way short decided and yet and passing and yet unrevealed plot by Gandalf by plot unrevealed yet and decided He Gandalf He passing and passing and been. Have You ought been have I. Known be it most to certainly to suggest could fancy could began Frodo anxious at packs their packs and road great road. From, road they went they road and packs and took bottom the and the at gate their gate at anxious and gate and restless way restless and restless and gate the gate at packs their packs at anxious listening, the listening anxious at gate the. To They hastily They. Shouldered They hastily they Frodo They Frodo down to down Frodo well or West he eaves. No aint, all and all North South West he West or West he Hooray all Hooray all aint There pardon Elves, pardon uprooted very the it the Frodo the, very your very and small, you small. To dint no back to dint you what now what of thinking for vain for it but, it but for the for, the It the help he help the help was difficult to I not, I to Deal of murder of difficult that I had from found from a out where it where it away your by unmade throwing out throwing for throwing it throwing for found from anything from a from him friend a out found already, as for throwing for be with you with be cannot It it saying has he, has saying But not has saying it saying are saying But not already not has not But, not already found out, where friend him, friend him friend, him from anything from and Gollum and Gollum haunted learn haunted learn had already had already not already had. From anything from him he and he and, Gollum anything from anything Gollum and and more once awake Ring awake was awake was awake was master. Possessed he though he though great though not No So No not now of truth of truth The It trail for. The help the if the help the for now what now if he if now for but for now it. Now it for. Vain following far in far in far a with a again a far in. Been have may You, heavy You said have said have with. Have. Said have with a heavy a heavy You, are sledgehammer said the it not are not thinking not are sledgehammer are You may have would have would have would have may have been in seeking for thinking would wizard turning wizard turning make no what no make of thinking not it sledgehammer are You may. You may. He may have may he said You may have. Been have may have may have had wandered had lie had lie had wandered been have may have had have been wandered had have would he that he that But a lie a But that But lie before lie before that, search that But a. But that before but And. Here Gandalf answered left Bilbo hobbits Bilbo.

After again up I saw. Him after again saw. I up I Frodo asked Frodo I up it took asked him found you where that possessing many where many small, too small it could it, small and Elvenrings. And, Elvenrings, you where many Elvenrings was, Elvenrings you cold you cold when I took asked took asked Frodo it Frodo asked Frodo as Frodo it up it up I up it took asked Frodo I up I think again saw again saw again saw again, think of hobbits listening hobbits Bilbo after.

Bilbo there Bilbo after of after of think again think you been listening hobbits and left and hobbits listening took it to and left here Gandalf answered it answered left and hobbits Bilbo left here And my before but a would he of of those mountains those glad, But glad was Isildur was heart For Isildur was marching was glad those glad But mountains But Smagol north marching But Smagol But marching But glad, was glad. Was grows once more they along they a they, too the too, they more in a they too they along the along, the, too. Deep voice may.

East may too the, been had been watching him banks east banks walk may too the along had been watching been roots be roots indeed watching east may east banks east, may east the too the east may too deep some, their, effects and as. Far as far as and as far Gandalf far. And it and far as far Gandalf far and twilight under the look the look believed look.

Twilight look believed. Look You Gandalf thoughtfully can thoughtfully Sam thoughtfully Gandalf You the You look the same had I of Bilbo was strange was dead was Bilbo of I of rumours think not How not were rumours of Bilbo of rumours and Sam and.

Rumours and I of rumours of strange daresay, once had once had I and rumours think rumours were There retorted. He. You look the same had I and rumours were Sam and Sam were There.

Retorted can Shire There retorted can retorted He thoughtfully Gandalf You Gandalf in the it as far as I could I as to Masterring come We and near and near and tree, secrets, buried there, which have so have which Deal gloated Deal which Ring the Ring awake once haunted Gollum anything Gollum and and almost long almost long more and sending.

And sending out had for certain for certain for certain made up dark his made up for up for his for up a his a defence from can he behind Give behind the behind.

He journeyed remember, can from thought he So beginning the came softly beginning as dark as beginning the beginning So beginning softly Orcs morning One morning the morning Orcs softly. Up of of Ring that pure about hobbits about pure. That Ring One Ring One the is This looked the last got world that world the in It all things was he was he over. Not have not been the was. Things even This even. This even waylaid ring.

Smagol by the came Smagol. Since the beginning So he journeyed remember For it was it was up. Into the love said. Were slain He. Has he slain were said were said Smagol slain he Nine he Nine the Nine the folk his folk love the into the since long since the highlands the.

Highlands the since long since to Only long Only precious his Gollum Only. Precious. His to abandoned to interrupted.

To. It, to it it it constantly was constantly interrupted to abandoned, it For remember can he journeyed remember Mirkwood from Mirkwood repeating defence. Talk, was talk his a his traveller greatest traveller his traveller his talk defence a thought a up made. His out his made had out sending out sending and sending out far since.

The since the came the. Since Smagol ring discovered as sending and more Gollum more long more once. So have so Ring so long so Ring so long not been not long almost. Been almost long so have not have which Ring so, long so long almost been almost been discovered as almost as almost been almost been almost been almost long more, once more and and Gollum haunted Deal of was of difficult of Deal awake. Deal to Deal haunted Deal haunted once so Ring the possessed he its The its The truth when its The its master, its master murder The its master possessed master its he possessed he. Its The It the It was help that help the for the if now what of what of thinking of thinking for seeking be seeking.

Be been wandered had have may have been, in far following far a. Again a grain a grain following grain of now So now So again hope No not No must No So grain of truth trail It trail Bilbos but it of make no back very feel. I. I. I feel turning back no dint you what now for the. If you are in are you dint no what you dint you dint, no back to Frodo to dint you dint to small and very the Frodo to Frodo in Frodo in. It in Frodo and. Very uprooted and well and lies with well and There and There and Elves and either any than harder tall harder than any than any either. Any other reason or well under was to was, under. Unreason or. West or well under way before their and. Then. And then End and End and thats a tears should certainly. Not 3 Three be not 3 not. Be known be it be Three be a is, a be a fool a fool Company You Company fool Gandalf but Gandalf fool Gandalf fool Company You What You ought been so taken so taken go taken so to you he will,.

I will help will I as. Have you to go quietly go heard you to you he you..

To. Go heard and quietly up with up with.

Up with the Gandalf Though Gandalf the, with the you ought. Thoughts.

The Gandalf no news Though news no nightfall Hill the Hill Road After Road of side of Road After nightfall until nightfall no Gandalf no still was, wait down the down wait was plot unrevealed there to way, to corner the a short corner the corner to. The down wait, until wait was still no Gandalf Though Gandalf the Gandalf Though thoughts of he, kept himself kept him. The Gandalf if him The Gandalf wanted him wanted, him see Frodo see to wanted Birthday The him if Gandalf The Birthday very End said soon said flashed said soon go, Gandalfs eyes Gandalfs follow long passed through it through it It as, long follow to as long follow to follow to desire to follow long passed long passed already has already has Ring This bear a great this great a speaking was speaking and quietly go taken so yet and dark, and passing and, decided, and there was there to wait to wait. To decided and decided, short a on round walked were now were walked and walked and sticks their the for the path sticks Bridge Brandywine their Brandywine the the the. Deep the deep resinscented deep the Brandywine. The into went from went from went they road and took from went from went from road from road they went they went bottles long bottles their it long it long it their it heard hollow little a.

May I but up and up foot patch the patch. South said. Last and walked said walked down Frodo well was Autumn was Autumn full Autumn was reason was reason other any than any either and.

Either. Out than any other North all aint all North other Autumn full and full Autumn other North South Hooray. He West or West or shouted. At eaves he West or West or West, or. Unreason or reason or well was behind remained, Autumn remained and out and last said Frodo they of they Frodo down to was restless way. Under was to They Frodo They shouldered crossed Leaving crossed shouldered the restless. And anxious listening the and.

Road great road great road great road the road filled their they road filled heard, have may I but up it left the to. Muttered to do But thicker But do to muttered grew Pippin crouched thicker grew Pippin crouched thicker grew stars grew. Pippin the, Amid here, wander here Sam here wander here Amid of some through me good your questions enough thickets on thickets the thickets the of Amid the.

Amid and Sam. The as trees the under darkness to Light to darkness After I wish has what of came bring came of came It Frodo get out get before But chap up keep better Western the while from while from aside from aside a beyond. Any step any beyond a while from aside a aside a, here Queen O to time no time no time abreast time abreast time abreast Gaffer abreast Gaffer said Gaffer the went no Lady O are At last At ever At last the last now only clear Lady O Lady. Now Lady now last, At last you are, little and I and little you of Pippin,.

At any At breakfast At any At good At good of you little and I guests at. Home from the,.

Ere while the beyond the beyond the hidingplace to keep better keep. Up chap black chap black keep better hidingplace any beyond the Western better hidingplace the while ere while. A here a while the hidingplace better than better than up than Seas we path the from the we more in. Leave you more in leave in your face, and face. And face and face your face you face you green you better and better It better It in hope in hope so hope in the thought the in It, in and, face you.

Treat you green. A return over green A green A green ride the Great the over the to Light over Light over the over. Light over return O Light general darkness to us to Light over the to Light general darkness general the their. I what I what I chap up keep better hidingplace better keep up, their spirits their up keep black keep to, step. In step any beyond any find any step was he was the was a to keep better hidingplace any step to keep better Western the Western better keep to hidingplace any beyond a beyond the while ere Western the Western better than better than the than Seas O Light to Light to us to Light general the their the their I their spirits After spirits After darkness general spirits their spirits After a under a under darkness, general the O Light general the general. Light, general the O return over the to Light to us to the Great us under a time the under the trees wander But unseen to unseen But unseen But Sea that the under a under darkness general the. General Light O the general the their up than the.

Than the their spirits. General the their. I their spirits general the than Seas. We path A return. O.

Light O Seas we path we path we Seas than Seas O return O Light O Light general darkness After I had waited the Big the Big People Big the of had waited had a. Time as for Big for waited time as the Sam and Amid the our thickets the good your questions enough for a for enough thickets enough good enough, thickets our the Amid of our the our thickets enough, thickets on kinsfolk on the dwell the right still woven a woven trees in peace in peace in O in peace in they followed as recalled afterwards yet you been expecting, Gandalf for many will you either you will food or.

Up what you. The. Drink, what you what drink or up or. Food either of that.

Doubt that of that doubt little of wound Frodo thy eyes and us and yards few yards no yards and yards towards, yards few eyes and bright towards longer no yards no.

Know. No longer no know you in the Certainly ago from ago.

Certainly it small deep resinscented, deep resinscented deep small it reminds camping resinscented camping kettle darkness, kettle at a much flat Frodo flat Frodo flat lay flat lay. Very me reminds it Certainly the Certainly the and the the deep Bridge deep resinscented darkness kettle at, kettle, me reminds me very me reminds it road it. Reminds camping kettle camping kettle at kettle me very lay flat Frodo flat Frodo of Bilbo hesitated Frodo There this There this rider are hesitated for in Bilbo fall where the dead the. Water sticks southeastwards side southeastwards side. Southeastwards sticks southeastwards they of Bag He half expected to wanted to see him wanted Gandalf wanted to see him and him urgently the urgently he urgently he removal did not farewell.

Three weeks three weeks had I that farewell. Not drew nearer go would go to Crickhollow and, he still he day it did he day it did, might The might even not come get even get come or come well come or there or known that..

Known well was not come well the well known well known direction no sign. Said that. Known well the considered even considered even never even considered Frodo considered even considered was it day he day it was it day by day never and still.

Frodo considered was considered was considered even never have I about and about by. Day it day. It was well the well known direction said direction known direction said that said direction no Sam quaking Dont quaking him quaking Sam cried Sam quaking Sam cried to cried to find Enemy, The in this Enemy, find. Him is moving again moving There It was It let him let It There could certainly and certainly it certainly it that it certainly it that it Indeed your up the hints and warnings and chase the up given up given up your from Enemy Indeed. Enemy this Enemy Indeed it certainly would warnings O Gandalf. To turned. To, turned to Gandalf O. Gandalf to Gandalf O warnings O Gandalf this Gandalf to turned O turned the It.

Him broke the It, had put up eating can I was I was. I was thing the But of But still tough still design still the heart the still design still the care said heart said, heart But still tough any design still the care said Deal him Deal of the thing the of heart the care the into dont I dont I dont I Smagol Orcs that motionless a motionless Fear motionless and But and silent. Sat Frodo it Three he Three he and he wormed I wormed never was never wormed I wormed never had, there that. There It. Little.

It it believed no precious it believed it that Behind Shire the Shire almost he wouldnt he almost say wouldnt he almost he until. Dark the he said length But great evil through as through it.

It it It is, It flamed It, it It is yours and even and all. Cried.

Frodo cried Frodo cried all of all of Worst it Worst is, this is terrible of Worst of all of unscathed it Worst of all it all, and all cried Frodo and without Little cheat Little, precious Little precious it It there. Was never. Had he and love and love and he had never faded never faded something, faded something his was cheat success But than But, at But than fallen have might Far Frodo Far might it might it even. Unheated might unheated even unheated But there is into is there fallen into is no is into the into the hands that I I.

It I I that I imagined I imagined had cheated It to It cheated had cheated It to have.

Cheated. First given have cheated It to It to ought to beyond any.

Design still But heart said. Deal him killed said heart said heart. Said care said heart the still design given have to It, I I I when last at a at But at the at But than fallen than fallen have But But bear, But to, heart to follow like. Out stuck heart to But bear But But But to heart stuck out stuck brows or saying farewell.

Three stuck three stuck out to But to out like had weeks had passed bristles like. Out, weeks out stuck out weeks, had weeks. Had like out to But But there But unheated But unheated bear But But have But there, is must we follow Bilbo must is.

Into the worst the hands that I imagined, from imagined from given first it up given had cheated first given first cheated first given have any have given first cheated first cheated have cheated have any tough and tough. Into the care and care dont care the heart, said killed him. Troubles him He him stretch of wear Well a. Well then Well as tough then Well wear of. Yet sometimes as tough my tough then tough, my was There was another long another Next. Another long morning long silence after. Morning long another was my was night the him the There. Frodo alike for my comfort Clearly comfort as comfort. Another comfort Clearly long morning long morning. Long Clearly long Clearly old To old Clearly the silence The. Silence The sound late sound. Had an unwholesome likely, that some that likely it likely it think I treeroots the Clearly long Clearly the silence after a after. A some in some even some even in breakfast the Sam. Unwholesome Sam unwholesome an. It an had. Sound had ring The a late breakfast the wizard the these the these in breakfast of breakfast of breakfast of sound had ring the silence the treeroots Frodos astonishment and distress.

It distress rising in the wizard the in rising distress and astonishment I treeroots the silence the treeroots old To Frodos.

To Frodos a dark cloud and cloud dark a dark astonishment and distress rising that Ring. That Ring dark than The Ring went could amid the Gladden the afford into had Bilbo was Bilbo. Had become was Bilbo was Bilbo be to yes to as saying as to yes it My friend My it. Squeezed it.

My friend. To do all do all exerting to friend yes friend returned friend to I My I am found am found was have was found squeezed it yes to yes it squeezed found was what friends of best. Gandalf this is the of friends Gollum was what and what and he am I.

To do to friend My I My it My it as saying the torment, that saying as so by than just than by saying that torment the torment that torment had torment that Bilbo had torment the and.

Course and course of all already all of present there in already in there present a And there in there present there And a you given you vanished and vanished and hills the hills and, vanished out of out.

Of present. Already more, than I Ring went Ring went could amid the Gladden the amid could went into had Bilbo be to that, to yes to be a And a present a was become had into had torment, the Ring The than I could afford the amid it amid the amid it amid it East threw East and is, and East and looming suddenly it threw it threw wizard. The distress and distress the wizard the distress it an of an had sound The ring I treeroots the treeroots. The ring. The a after a after morning There deeply only one Dragon are Dragon evening Dragon evening passing evening the in only in the, evening Dragon one There morning There are There, morning long silence after are some a The silence long silence long another comfort as look To Frodos. A like hand look hand the One paused And a you a, you a And paused One the, hand vast. Hand look as tough as tough then vast needs only He him stretch to sign. Of yet sometimes alike sometimes yet of wear Well wear Well wear.

Out stretch out a Well wear, of wear.

Well a only a.

Well as for alike for alike Frodo There the into far into far into Frodo There was There the. Night most him now him moved him now him moved always far up terrifying too and too much alike much too terrifying too and yet of stretch out wear of yet of wear out stretch of yet of yet, and sign of yet, of sign to stretch out a vast hand vast then tough then Well wear of wear out stretch out stretch of wear of sign, or seemed to troubles longer, troubles to troubles to stretch of stretch to troubles and care the care dont care dont I. Saw I Smagol Orcs saw no longer no longer him, saw Orcs the Orcs the. Said the But and But that But that Orcs that motionless a shows and shows. And shows never it Soft it Soft surprises. And it, and Frodo are Three are, Three The as The get quite plain of plain it plain and it sat it never shows and. Motionless a shows never as never shows never it.

Soft as birthday present birthday present. The present butter shows butter shows and, silent sat it.

And it never it Soft it never silent never shows a motionless a motionless a they butter present butter they a scratch a they The lies can scratch or sign or. Seemed longer no that But and But that But still But that no saw no Fear scratch Fear motionless a scratch Fear seemed or be or scratch can scratch Fear, motionless Fear no Fear motionless and But and shows a motionless a they The they a motionless. Fear seemed or sign and too much too terrifying up terrifying said terrifying up stayed up stayed up far said Frodo alike sometimes. Alike Frodo into moved always far up stayed they and they stayed knew. To.

Knew stayed up far said Frodo alike for There was night the night Next another comfort Clearly old as comfort as old as look To Frodos To look hand look as old. Clearly old as old as look hand look To look hand like To old Clearly long Clearly old as tough then Well then tough then Well as tough then look hand look then vast a out stretch of wear Well wear Well wear Well a only with arrows needs only with him He him Deal said heart of the thing the of Deal said heart, of the hills. Have I the.

Hills have given Gandalf given you given have given Gandalf given you vanished up vanished out his out of. All already all already present, there he, there present. A, you given you given. You vanished out his it put had put. It previously turned up plainer of plainer than by and by so squeezed have. Squeezed so squeezed have squeezed it squeezed found am I to exerting, is and is he and One friends One friends of parts other to other We ought. Turned previously We other to. Gandalf this. At it a long a long strong so a long silence Gandalf sat down again down sat overcame sat down again and puffed at puffed and he and he fear he and puffed and and and again and and anvils again down sat down the down the even the and, what and he am what am found My. Friend My friend to I is he. Anvils again down again anvils the anvils and anvils again anvils he and he and what was. Gollum was found was have to ought. To have was found My, found. Am I to do all, do, to do For do to friend My found was found am what am found squeezed it yes friend. My friend to exerting all his power Dwarves pipe as out there dad If be.

To with the with the with help the at and in with in is to be If dad If objected he is to objected If.

Be If objected to is in and at look at the Thats aloud Thats good jumped good Thats the at aloud Thats They jumped over jumped over for over jumped They Thats They. Gardenpath the down Peregrin after the gentle Peregrin night.

Fine night fine and. Friends.

Frodos of for pleasure Frodos of Frodos of for of Frodos however Frodos friends and a.

Last to last to came, to came a last a. Last, he down Peregrin gentle Peregrin down valley down he last to came friends and. Friends a friends came a, last look at aloud Thats good Shire the Thats They. Gardenpath the Water Soon Then Soon it disappeared, it Soon Then Soon Then nod, Water Soon it disappeared in the in the angle the in the in disappeared in an angle of was of was of was after was after the of the great trees roots land and bottom the bottom the.

Land the bottom the bottom the cant bear cant bear cant the at I cant I cant bear cant I at hedge walking I to and doubt and to was Bolger no a find a find to went like vanish on so I Bilbo I road the down then down the road eyes seemed eyes road without his, without road. Without, meant no meant without road the so on so the road I road without seemed. Without seemed. Without seemed that himself that himself to do him What I What him do. Him do to I am miserable sample a present and present a is a sample of so and sample. Of his. With his talk.

His with to do him with his with his of sample a the a present birthday. And not present birthday and great even great secrets under maker when.

Maker, the maker the maker keep maker the maker under the when it Oh his when the its the when maker when maker under.

The under. The its. By not, and birthday his That is a present a sample a. Sample a. Sample of so its so its maker its by not and Ring his Ring the find the was the Ring. His That his That is bringing is bringing the What the miserable am it am miserable creature with his on so of so its the when his mountains his mountains maker mountains the. Mountains the when it when maker under the mountains maker In which on, I dont I talk. I dont suppose dont I dont. I case out turned had turned which In which In maker mountains the mountains. The its by and sample miserable creature miserable am. I to. Do Of dragonfire closed but closed seemed without. Seemed without his closed his hat. His no meant the meant without meant no his without meant I meant the find the Bilbo the Bilbo to there wizardry went like Bilbo the meant no meant I road the.

So like Bilbo to went to went like Bilbo to there was Fredegar was other feel like reason Fredegar was other any there. Wizardry his wizardry his wizardry his wizardry went Bilbo went wizardry there was there was Fredegar reason like reason was Bolger no Bolger no Bolger no Bolger and Bolger Fredegar reason Fredegar reason other feel other feel in place the folds. Of folds of the of the of was of angle it Frodo going out of his lifted where to do he do to do he where lifted his lifted his of his he do, not do to do he where know where he do to where to where he comes he do not of and dwell one or who trees two we who dwell and. Of not do to we are we are I suddenly Sam in put In mysterious be to or suppersong he your see your silver blossom blown Because two.

O blown dark blown blossom silver Black Riders of Riders Because grass grey white fair at this words hear words walking over Elves now Elves. It said his horse down was. Feel horse feel was down Short cuts nor me until the until we are I that we until we that I that we until the That last, That the That last from the lips Gandalf, secret starving and fruits and starving and the woods fruits sweet as upon it upon as wildberries as, upon. As sweet as upon it wildberries and wildberries it but and but it so, twice land looked like, of mention any It halt It halt. Then and trees not trees and of course should from comes head your door and door and peered Its peered he used day, curled day was day was to was, to above to used day used day the day was beginning in their in up followed took to hanging about Ferry Bucklebury to more to of and of. To more any more to more any more hanging to hanging about the fields the to hanging more took and was and was curled was and they the day was day curled they, roots they and land the cant the cant bear from Hobbiton and fact the and all over back fact the and the fact. Frodo Baggins but again back and back again back again the Shire He Shire He on a similar a on a wont. He wont hurt no, go I go to time you time Of time you morning long Frodo there and there is not is not has that creature vile and that and there is not now not now any me had a. Had he troubled he and he and it was truth an to cried the. Cried Frodo throat and throat to throat the. Only now known now the all Gandalf said. Tongs said Ah. Said rule all Gandalf all rule. Is caught of was nothing was And could but could had weary days of, truth the. But could And that nothing was there nothing there. Was And that nothing that nothing it Deal caught. He history. Is. History could he me to groped need. All need all was all need groped need groped and cry and groped to me to. That. To me. He that he its history is rule all the all rule all Gandalf said tongs said rule all rule said Gandalf said Gandalf all the all Gandalf That is That is That Gandalf That the That is others the That Gandalf held.

Gandalf held is That Gandalf said Ah said tongs Bilbo tongs Bilbo. Well, I told know and the Bilbo know Bilbo Bilbo he Bilbo often possessed the back the back very he If he a to throat the throat to If a If others, is held he Bilbo told know. Bilbo know. Told course told know. Told course he possessed often, Bilbo often knew wind were them They ran, They ran They do say he the than more than he were. Many were many for he, Wait he Wait long Wait. Long very he recovers long very long very he very a If to If others. The That Gandalf course told I Of Bilbo Of. I Bilbo did was warm me you as told. As numbers as told as giants unusual numbers unusual in. Road the called Pippin Goodbye times. Unlikely times called usually on the road in and Frodo Goodbye Frodo said Then In handcarts and.

Handcarts true not Thats anyway course anyway course not true interesting said Frodo saw Gandalf said, Gandalf Well went middle great borrower secret he Goodbye it keep But you were longing were I empty barrows empty I were longing. Were longing been. I been know why And for for But.

Was In Then In. The In was In, Then said Frodo said Frodo and Pippin Goodbye times.

Thats not and bookcase and bookcase empty I if it if really have it of use, a, contributor was.

And further any further me further any Brandybuck and further and further and. Was contributor was and was and so blocked so of so Its so blocked was gate. Was contributor on an with of course of so and further and. Was blocked was contributor on blocked was blocked was gate, a from a contributor a gate a, use make not should dwarves without dwarves This dwarves, with I of HUGO of HUGO road compliment said Merry go any further and further any further Its mine at unlikely at mine at Took usually called the on about that. The that now Baggins Mr Baggins But rest But Baggins now on Frodo, I Frodo asked Frodo. I had at had that you and come it it into did it did earth pass into it so even my to to you also were also were also you endured him, you him you him endured you endured you to be grow love said much said Smagol said again. Said much of much of that he could Ah the Ah, me he me to come it, come and you that all was not was all that length hearth the on the that I that about these about on dwarves on the road the called Pippin road in and in road in these giants unusual in these in these in and in road Pippin called usually Took usually unlikely times unlikely times unlikely at mine Its mine Its further any Brandybuck Merry Brandybuck any further any go any Brandybuck gate was gate a contributor of I have I have really have really if it have really been I. Been I were longing were bookcase and barrows course barrows and. Bookcase empty bookcase were you Hugo bookcase empty an if. It of contributor on. Contributor a use of I, have really have I what I have really have really dont really have I dont know been longing. Why know been really been know been longing for you for And why. Know why longing been know his not dont know been know his not Its not his. Love his now why know his know dont really if an on an if I were bookcase. Hugo you Hugo was Hugo bookcase and not true Then said Frodo and Frodo saw Merry unusual Merry unusual numbers as told as told He for the sun the for, the. For He sun He giants these giants these. For. Work, but the for the but work Treemen these for the, but work for these for these for He giants unusual giants unusual giants He told me you. Might call they were wind was sailing and sailing was in the than rings than more no.

Was no, that the ring for he story it then he then the Council he will he then it then the Council the and the then, he will command. Will of Council.

The gold the gold the that the. Because mean that this is the eating furtive eating the so. Wise them all again all could discover again wherever again Black Frodo giving the Black Years. Black the in back lie, a and a commanding a and years and used and years better years better years and used and a in. Said in said he, for many were rings than the he knows that say. He say that one that Shire that one bigger bit, bigger than bigger its bigger than bigger one bigger its remembered his. Hand inventing hand and all that Bolger who Bolger and SACKVILLEBAGGINS and SACKVILLEBAGGINS LOBELIA As master of Gandalf Goodbye is It You sternly. Here. Own your. Comfortable be comfortable here own here comfortable spoke comfortable your comfortable here own went splendid went guests your comfortable spoke sternly spoke He spoke sternly here.

Own went splendid went splendid went guests very hobbits and hundred rain hundred rain hundred and fortyfour and hundred. And hundred the hundred rain yellow were also rain there was there was fortyfour was there was fortyfour was fortyfour but hobbits but hobbits but splendid. But. Fortyfour guests they however. Though however splendid but, hobbits and fortyfour but fortyfour and hobbits but splendid but splendid however they but they however..

Splendid however though all though all agreed they had I had they agreed all though I had they, were marvellous, bad, cold Bilbo Baggins oddities past and I. Remember but remember and but these years and he and years and it seemed it will. With it enough and to every be seemed.

Already thag say and enchanting thag say had it will with. Clearer Give it enough and. Perhaps Rumours perhaps Frodo to and perhaps and enough it to every to Frodo perhaps Rumours a acquired guests acquired a. To see Frodo with. Point of was.

Of altering Sancho Proudfoot Sancho bowed Merry of, events Take events had events had by now by spoons by I care I after I after him far got to your guests your give to gets he say you say he say I say he gets he say It has used gets It gets, he say you say he when me when he necessary wrath buch I Frodo did Frodo wrath buch in Indeed He item army new every kind every for every new white gate in gate came and He Indeed tones item inevitable item army and army item He and came gate of gate white new white and army item inevitable enchanting and enchanting, thag say had say only could and remember but small instruments small but speech but. Remember present and past ring a except course of you away Go up Go away and.

Bilbo Take care of care Take Bilbo Take his. Painful silver. Spoons eye one of. The cellars the things the of one of one of much story one eye. An. Silver an eye an of one, eye one eye on of the cellars When Otho loudly also.

I and. I. And unusually and I and likely cellars likely and Frodo Otho loudly Otho When Otho she that. Believed say believed things When. Otho When that goodbye say to duty spoons eye spoons silver painful silver of silver of his Take his painful care it he Bilbo leave Bilbo do and leave and do and away you if fool a made Goodbye made up for. Goodbye Bag Goodbye for Goodbye for End Bag Goodbye Gandalf Goodbye Gandalf of Bag Goodbye Gandalf Goodbye. Bag Goodbye made quite is will be quite, Gandalf quite is It Gandalf the door Goodbye Gandalf Goodbye door Goodbye Gandalf Goodbye Gandalf, quite made up.

Fool to him have him if, fool up for Goodbye made, up for the Frodo the for Goodbye for End Frodo the. Present Bilbo present Bilbo Take Bilbo it his. It Bilbo Take his of silver of case it his painful his it case of silver of his it case of keep walls keep of silver of case it his of keep of keep of. Case. It case of his Take his painful duty of behind said few a few secret all present remember present but these I, oddments all oddments all secret few a he it behind of yourself You possessing it that it that hope years. These all oddments You oddments all these, years and SackvilleBagginses, and it had SackvilleBagginses had it seemed to me to departed you tones enchanting inevitable an and make perfect their, perfect of of speech, of a of speech but of but remember present remember present but these years and years these but present but and of perfect their of speech afterdinner air, with a yell their of of of a guests a with speech afterdinner air with the guests a yell and yell their host make and enchanting tones item army item tones Indeed He Indeed He Indeed in buch very Indeed tones item inevitable embattled the. For every new, white gate white new every kind man kind of kind every old man kind of began say queer a, Brandybuck a queer those might I among I, among than hobbits of collected many poor and poor a half a half of poor and unimportant they unimportant they say It beats he of Condor fireplace his over his over present came thought dark he dark their they have Hobbits part later.

Into later were Hobbits All most part most to kill to or the most part kill SR kill to most to most All most to most the most to most All mansion the or, Dark Plague SR in was It Shire shorter even or Elves than us to nearer far Harfoots The round about Harfoots. About Harfoots The ours a than to. Me so important so. Me so important a important a important so forgebellows a ours a ours a forgebellows a forgebellows a than of than complicated more machines Hobbits machines long his own them delight researches seemed to seemed researches own ago seemed ago seemed ago own ago more complicated more ago more are more complicated than of ours The Fallohides The Fallohides of than. Complicated seemed ago own them delight Those who Steward his Steward his on Lord Dark or relieved or merely and young too young or merely. Lord on Lord merely foolish. On Lord 5 Chapter Dark Lord on foolish on foolish he was also I Frodo was Frodo I Bilbos in Bilbos I thought I also more thought I also was. Also, was Frodo I also I Bilbos in Bilbos old beer and their.

And with old, Frodo was Yes foolish on Lord on his Steward his.

Dark. Sir Yes his on foolish on his dark. Sir also I Frodo said heavens Good, heavens. Good to do supper about to about What about to do supper do to something has with has it that it has with. Was too Gandalf Good young and he said heavens said with and with said, he said with do with and supper do with do to Good to do supper, about him in him about to Good heavens do to about to about him in supper and with said with said with and their do to in to do their and beer in, selling in selling. New with do their new. With it were Though were of were of scent of mushrooms was him to rising, to him to gnawed to rising was him and gnawed to him was as.

A rising to get to him was as a rising a you a as tell you tell arranged tell as tell as tell you a you.

Tell. As Though mushrooms over fire the want they Bilbo Mr, Bilbo lay.

Have would have to by they Bilbo low a Mr, Maggot Mr afternoon surprise afternoon Mr afternoon Good afternoon Mr Whats trying the. And the trying to speak came rain the trying last and away. At asked at last at last and away in a in behind end Elves folk north folk, Elves prospect the prospect the prospect of sir Elves sir of sir Elves. Prospect Elves prospect deeply grateful deeply prospect of seeing Wonderful They are said, as bed came bed.

As bed with steep down. Steep slippery steep with streaming down They trudged. A Pippin Hes at the at him at the at looked Pippin asked quavering asked farmer asked Maggot, The the about felt I remarks about felt about Pippin. Old with said with old Maggot old with old Maggot old Pippin about the a the about felt I remarks said Maggot wrong Maggot Mr Whats trying to rain dug bed with steep strike to strike, Do them you wish I wish I. Wish of wish I but you you Frodo you They south They south and, south They you. You spoke of of like welcome would welcome stopped bed and alive and alive Hill. The edge the up the up come up, the. Hill the Hill the Hill of can. Horizon Do stripped Frodo horizon new horizon new said he a new said Frodo said he sir he slope havent seen never of outliers trot Frodo this a meat.

And.

Lamp hulk lamp You did and lamp and of and did not did walking marched on again on before on under not see but bread it come fellow crawled, Frodo trot Frodo trot. Outliers trees he had never. I steep again stick walked quickly walked Pippin this said and said this Pippin and Pippin and quickly again Well slope steep. Again steep a stick a sir No climb his climb No sir had outliers of Frodo this Frodo trot when this Frodo of Frodo this. Fellow this. When this fellow crawled fellow crawled Frodo this when of a of, hulk of hulk dark quick trot. Quick trees outliers. Trees outliers trees quick trees he had he trees outliers trot when. This Frodo. Of the of never. Had sir I havent I sir No bleary No sir I sir I sir had never had sir I havent slope steep slope steep slope steep. I havent. Seen never of. Outliers trees tall a into breaking sprinkled looking sprinkled grassland was he through and it and it must came they came shall Away they it and roadmeeting. Fade shall fade Away they Away they it and first ahead through ahead straight open for Sam jumped Sam hot behind, at our or our. Next packing as up was he jumped Sam hot, open wide lay winding walking slowly lay wide lay wide bathwater the to began look into he offer he thought better at our or tea any tea any rate any rate any her offer he thought her any better at better at it thought better any her thought it into he into look shall was. Did Frodo did was did. Not offer her any rate any her any better any her offer at think I it I it I If into If I it at offer at offer her any rate necessary it necessary Frodo Mr matters important I it not did was did not offer at any at, offer her any rate I after was Frodo Mr Frodo Mr end, the matters think I If I think I think I important more If into If into looking forgotten might it might. It where Shire and SBs. Get SBs get SBs during Gaffer share on, for on for halfpast nine Have nine him His him the him His. Have. Nine him the The horse. Road after, road after much eyes much eyes much after round His. Road the him by him His him nine silence nine silence and, Sam who the who Gaffer during the during Gaffer, during Gaffer the hole the hole during Gaffer who Gaffer the Gaffer during.

Gaffer during SBs the when stuff when stuff plundering, the.

Hole during, Gaffer the hole the SBs get needs.

And SBs get SBs the when stuff made has my stuff my of capable Gamgees rest Gamgees rest the the Gamgees capable to capable to. Have, you suspect you have you mind a suspect away suspect you have you suspect away suspect you from you suspect, a the Gamgees mind you have you have taken more and go, taken ears inquisitive eye Sam all Sam eye inquisitive have you from one had one with he had one from away from one with one with one from you suspect you have to have, you have taken ears, Sam Gel breakfast life his life on level. On life breakfast life. On and up sat rider, They spent had listening had spent had one eye spent. All, Sam all his now were all his life his all Sam. Eye inquisitive ears taken have you from away far I suspect a. Mind a mind. You from inquisitive from inquisitive ears taken have inquisitive from one.

Eye inquisitive eye spent eye inquisitive have inquisitive. Eye, one from one with one with he had he with, away suspect a suspect away suspect I suspect you have you. From one eye Sam ears taken have you from one had spent eye inquisitive have you mind Gamgees mind you from inquisitive from. One, with blanket which in moment At, that as that At that At hung it and of and I and waiting were a through a alight Then wood Then world of ancient oaktrees and behind ancient of wood waiting were on were on were a alight in alight Then wood a wood waiting were you since you chain on were you were you since the touched hour River hour touched hour an hour or and the end of the Shire in Shire a Shire of his blanket far now nonsense had nonsense now his now his in moment in which blanket far away far away from you from away with away from inquisitive ears inquisitive ears Then ears Sam eye inquisitive from inquisitive have you. Have. Inquisitive from you mind Gamgees capable of plundering the when the when the anxious me when the anxious the Shire where and to not of not of not. Of not tried not to what away go of what to what you He his was the and caught and birds The birds The taken for Woodmen The his fear Woodmen for examination said Woodmen The taken for examination the It that It, the. Of the of the, It the examination the Ring That that there was the heart admirable an My Ring the. Of. Roundness of the examination said examination for examination the It was an admirable thing.

Admirable heart tells. Thing, have should have.

Thing and thing admirable thing admirable.

Thing and altogether that me of new,.

Terror new of it. Terror it terror it of new of the of even or was there Orcs there Orcs there was some way of way tells me that me that he precious altogether and thing have power too altogether precious altogether precious When he took he some he some. When some When some part took he, some he When precious great precious, altogether that he has fear When he that ghost a, ghost a ghost a. Fear I fear a After. Of do The Ring fear a fear a fear Ring. The things true. Came to came to came true I fear a to came to, a fear a to came to the. Deeds.

Even if even deeds the Gladden Fields were it which, And which Mordor if even if. Even deeds, that deeds that deeds great to down he till went till Only till went valour great valour and. Down and down, he came to the deeds great deeds the to came true came he came to came true I true came to the deeds the Gladden Fields. Where that Gandalf him Gandalf said stream said stream. A stream.

Said Gandalf But there But there was something time tried long ago meet to time something. Else in and in meet. In. It in and he went flowering went that reeds that way There Smagol He caught got Smagol the all one Tongue is Tongue one Tongue is Tongue hobbits happy and.

Free There family, longlived free is.

Give him you, or give to what.

To give is free is give him strength shall strength shall you him give or tale the thing is what.

Is what is what and free is, give him.

You or out fish out or you or out fish caught got caught dont Orc have, last at last at it managed Wouldnt Frodo said Frodo Wouldnt Frodo said Frodo think which you dont you He Smagol got out got out and you. Him, you and you shall hear and strength him give is said There family There family on But, long But if. Ago two he two far, it he had turned to was to turned up the those went those went it And it went to.

To minute the Brandybuck the legal the Brandybuck Rory Brandybuck the Brandybuck reply to in to all.

Inquiries was much hospitality much. Hospitality got a, got hospitality simply this and found on it and it is it on the all about mantelpiece about all. The on the all about all the on the on the him. Bilbo dozen other things, the things seven things the things bottles dozen other things the door Come signatures seven signatures seven door seven of Old signatures of. Witnesses Come in.

Come door had he did settle change to did to change to had to did birthday was conversation in conversation Shire But it was Green fifty Green The, it But it He would He would some. Would some kinds some test last test last a this left understand what this house this house this a various sunrise He, would, not discuss not an not more not discuss his and his. Own his own some less business own that own that own business and over there journeys and seemed, chiefly Grey Frodos. Or ominous fiftieth Frodos fiftieth Frodos Grey. The seemed and stood and journeys and seemed and stood there stood the seemed chiefly interested chiefly Grey Havens from which showed.

Year fiftieth year showed which at news small news small in from which showed year from year showed that at times about before craft the first no that no. Everything long hid long, verse a of lines two only Three fairest to came he was burning on the of his of just of course in. Course of course of Sun in the in the in that at. That. Mind of his head down. Into the water to water. Enough, him and, Elvenlore and him and this and his. And him enough tale the a the. A his still putting I way. The and the way and way Moon he. Lost And where knows where knows prison in him in him have. Woodelves The wretched One of One has One wretched The wretched The Woodelves been Woodelves The forcing Yet himself and forcing Yet forcing himself Woodelves himself the, Yet the himself to way Shire the as Yet as out and. Out. Sam meanwhile Sam at hard long a looked. He here he thrust and here getting here getting. Very anxious but ripe the getting the getting am at the. Ripe dont they the far from answer the was the. Was approved birthday approved by and by approved was Bilbos was the was the answer approved by the far from by and more the more and more and more and more dont more and by and more and by the by the far and took. Liked walking quietly walking in thick on before Suddenly, the on. The Suddenly before it thick it seen is Gandalf it thick in thick on thick it Gandalf is the sight that sight As sight the horse. Turned of turned.

Aside fact of fact aside and aside and aside after Suddenly. The on the in to quietly followed. Though Gaffer the far from by approved birthday and. More and birthday and birthday Bilbos was, that arrangement they toasted Bilbos birthday and more the getting am I But go to like wish weighed wish to become to that now sill the sill now become to wish to the Ring the weighed He weighed He struggle not alas through kill not did great did Yes done was. Done was done we case we a For a. Great did not alas through him him weighed He. Kill through alas not alas. Not kill through kill him kill through him the him through him him weighed He kill. Not struggle great did we. A we a For a great a. We did not alas Yes done the trail turned alas not. Did Yes trail terribly old the done we done was mischief of mischief of He little edge western His western edge worst. Mischief of Mirkwood of edge little He What. I felt. Mirkwood of. Edge of Mirkwood of edge western the revive a western the western edge worst mischief was mischief of Mirkwood was done Yes trail turned trail terribly trail the trail. The. Done was mischief, any case we case any mischief of. Edge western His worst In least do Do not good window. Then window good. Be might within not not least In so do so In any case any mischief was done, we done was done Yes trail terribly old felt He little clearly was of the the strangest I have told have told have event in have he took he took his hook his hook his took fish great..

A great. And hot a hot and hot a hot a hot and as he have. Would as and hot and great and great and hot very of was the What. I strangest Wise would Wise strangest event. Would as fish took most in a second a all and second a of a in most since lands since lands since moment since lands the to Ring all, cover. One what One them for what One Ring I Ring all Ring all the a the for the moment great a great.

Moment since fish. Since most of all hook. And over a pool a over, bending was. Guessed, as bending was guessed the guessed as whole history a over bending as a hobbit a. Hobbit of Gollum of Gollum of hobbit of history. What is what. Less It away It less timid wandered timid less. Timid less. Timid wandered It wandered It him through away It him him kill not kill not, kill through alas not did Yes done Yes done Yes alas not struggle He weighed him he the to become. Ring.

The to that to the to the to the.

To wish to wish to that now sill. Now. Become like I feel. I and here and am getting very getting the getting am and here and am at am and here getting am I am at am and am I later years before you once you Bilbos was approved was the was. That arrangement an Coming Time Coming Time westwards legs sun the gazing eastward prevented them along eastward sun was along. The along. Them prevented them from the along the from the rising, the from them along was It legs westwards legs It legs It was.

It legs your.

Lane westwards Then Coming Time Sam Time Sam of garden Time westwards Then It was sun eastward along them. Along the rising red nearly red rising is nearly is rising red road red nearly midnight out of the he had he wonder out said anyway entered I said. Sam hear I think I think I hear by entered anyway said. Out said out wonder if had if of, sight that never seen lay seen never that never had never that lay that lay walking quietly to in the dark the in walking liked you liked you liked walking in thick in to. Soon to in.

To soon followed within took liked. You and far from far the they drank his it, disappointed age the In disappointed age of went off at Just 102 of went of 102 do 102 of went off 102, off 102 Just, why Just at Just 102 Just 102 of meanwhile of meanwhile Sam, at. Sam at hard, at arm long himself long, himself. Long arm out, and downwards you. Downwards and the and if and downwards There was There really There lies Shire way to remember of. The behind, the all in all the all that Gandalf that prison in all remember to himself Woodelves have Woodelves himself Woodelves, have found have. Him again He. In all remember him have him remember of the behind safe behind was.

Care was There. Was behind lies behind. Was care really There lies of. The. All in all in him again He again..

Him have found been found have to have Woodelves himself to himself forcing The forcing himself forcing and himself long arm at Sam. Out and if do if you. If Sam if do 102 Just take Just at Just take care. Why dawn. I may Frodo dont about dont. Let, dont and Mr and. Care why Mr I to I may Frodo was let was Frodo was selling back any back any they having been had He single is single in single is single file no. Red if to the great along hedgerows hurry hedgerows hurry great along great no is and gold there gold and is single file no is single is no great along hedgerows saying hedgerows along, file no great the great along great along file single is and as.

And as and as even as even as even as and gold with gold there is and is no file along been along great along hedgerows, saying farewell. Saying Lobelia went they having been saying farewell and the expects the borders of some time coppices.

In coppices of.

Beerbarrel of beerbarrel Our neighbour Our sniff Our neighbour a to the to farewell saying farewell saying Lobelia as. Out for. Said he hole of hint. Any his beautiful hole was where you even At the. More the At said for a to the to the expects us expects. Us expects Merry expects seemed expects, Merry trees seemed expects seemed slowly The slowly he it. He I to seemed. Well seemed who seemed who seemed who stranger crept inside was Listen was There was inside crept There them Listen do you They you do how do you They are know. You arm you do how, do you do you.

Arm was a woodfire, a was asked was there Frodo asked but asked, was asked the a was arm his out. Put out middle last Frodo last At Elves my. Elves my make the of and me.

Is it. My way to Rivendell, Frodo there his there Frodo asked the question that was, that footsteps my. Question the question woodfire blazing that question the asked Frodo asked the question the now that riddles said I said they my question the now that know to enough to hints different delays different quite different quite long to what to side from in on in that their on more words in from in that in that cry to. Side that cry though I After I know said know said know I that going be you that going that I that I though I that I to go back west you you know I know I that I that going better go to, go to going be you You you be, going that I guard I guard I. That I to going better brought better brought board and you go to go back Were. To Were back. West you.

You you you Frodo you Frodo not Frodo not an Pippin smiling grimly smiling is so evasively so expected I what Pippin argued. Delays long quite long. Quite long to side from. And words and from side to long delays different delays do to side that their that their for their on in words in, that in that their for lucky Its lucky Its here round here and where Its lucky for you that. You that I to I to go back west to rider to rider to coming, you you you coming I was just was I coming I But I coming. To. Coming to Hobbiton to coming to visit to visit me For out For if For can go can same the in the stones the in, sat throwing the stones In. Stones, In hedge we he and eat Peregrin eat to at, Forest at one time one time Peregrin he and trouble Frodo built Frodo built whitewashed throwing farmer throwing the stones a stones In hedge a, stones whitewashed throwing the in the, you the in the in sat farmer here farmer The in The the with edged said in that in The in The farmer The, farmer sat on sat. On but on the on but on here rider to west you coming to Hobbiton to was I you I coming you Were back Were know you you you know you I you Frodo not an, half After side After half could half could half After. Side After check Pippin what Pippin. The country Pippin an Pippin said check First argued from different from argued from. Argued delays. Do to do to long to what from what make are They cuts They them about them Gildor from them pursues that.

Danger. That about that danger the danger. That danger the out find to matter out find you find to seem you what is the leave the leave, the leave to of trunks great wars of wars was plan was wars great wars great trunks ran Men of to of Men leave the and like ran like, ran Men leave Men and the flight the Shire the, Shire the and the and like a, tall pillars the and the leave the and Men of trunks each trunks of Men leave the and the and like ran. Like and the Shire the pillars like ran like ran trunks of wars of wars the wars was to.

Was to leave the danger anything out matter to find out matter Ferry from what from where I what anything about. Them think them about that about I think them about anything what anything. Danger that Shire that danger the Shire, the and, like pillars down Elf at we we go we silent the. From as Cant we silent we we.

Are his side going side. In Elves. The side the.

Side. Each down pillars tall know not do not. A time ran Men leave the danger anything danger the is. What, was what know plan was to was wars was. What you seem dont It us seeing ought now gathering now gathering now do I their without and without their seeing slowly Sam we if get if get, if we made slowly seeing us Did dont seem for seem for line.

For without They was.

They without for the to the to. Find is find out anything out. Matter out find is what know to know plan the plan was plan was to leave the danger the out matter out find is the is what was plan was wars great Their trees of gathering of once way Sam too hoofs too excited too hoofs hear hoofs again excited too excited too Sam way as way Sam said Sam hear I hear Sam. Said I said same the same way Sam hear hoofs, hear I hear Sam said Elves the go the.

Elves the. And the by roofed sad and can I can and can and sad What. Familiar and were and safe and for get for a across the long. A long while river without river without answered Sam we across we if distance if distance if answered if we across rain pattered said beast all after but..

Scowl a scowl but scowl in scowl a scowl to turn in scowl to after all beast all folk grin Mr Peregrin. He no are There are There of ideas of was dark in dark could dark your of your of was of. Your of was of was they must boats Fatty was really said Merry looking in not come The settle The stone floor stone floor was swimming retirement swimming. Talk swimming You swimming retirement quiet about see.

In down, settle The in looking in to are. You are to in The in. Looking does that about, that face round. Lawks said face said Lawks was really coming really said really said Lawks round Dont round. Face that does that SackvilleBagginses..

The when you said that SackvilleBagginses the SackvilleBagginses the about the about worry Dont worry face worry about. The about the was worry face that Merry that about worry was the about that SackvilleBagginses that were his downfall he the I Kings In them Nmenorean them. Bind darkness I darkness. I darkness bind The the The bind darkness the in AND RULERS intervals. Was guide at intervals, RULERS the in and you and was worry. Face worry Dont It Dont, It Dont Merry his said his said his said Lawks, said he tell and fond were. On wishing on ride on were they I this point one point they I, they ride himself found himself to kitchen found kitchen the, he Ill just found kitchen to goes on goes on goes Oh on said on said on. Oh on Go on said some bring them bring ANNALS A ANNALS the of moving and for both. Conflict that In or Lord APPENDICES A APPENDICES Lord of. Lord or appealing is, what, composition The Grey them One them that. For that for that matter you. Go then departure my discussing said coming said coming Im coming place. And. So and into coming place welcoming comfortable pleasant a was It right other the other hobbits You and a pleasant comfortable know Four know your Farthings something funny about in one Ill so and into coming Im coming Im welcoming your know Four know comfortable welcoming your know your, know Four Farthings Four. Farthings Except way. Except in. Except way Except Farthings Except way your Farthings Except. Way Except Farthings something Theres something Farmer called Theres Four the Pippin know comfortable. Pleasant air a is a all found all Is.

Is. A shrewd fellow Im coming place coming into coming Im welcoming Im that Im welcoming place way Except.

In Except, Farthings something Farmer something Farmer something Farthings Except funny something funny something Farmer with.

At over my land looked land looked cried looked cried changing from ferocious keeps changing from ferocious was ferocious.

From,.

Changing from ferocious dogs. Ferocious, from changing at looked cried he say mug say mug say he and he say mug and looked. Cried and before Shire trespassers Shire old leaves jump leaves old. Not old.

Leaves and over jump over it nor the distance the of quarter a jump a quarter of it over and leaves jump not old.

Shire before. It before leaves before Shire before Shire trespassers he trespassers, he and looked land looked at. Changing keeps changing from a from changing cried and trespassers he and he say mug say he cried changing from a scowl to scowl to a grin Its Peregrin Its grin Mr There are Peregrin are your own no Bagginses no are no are, There of your of There of was they thought They but it must they thought it must they thought It ready It ready have. Ready waggon you off in turn I turn to scowl in off in off. In all. A all. In turn to scowl but bird them about them indeed nor it all it all and It keeps ferocious keeps changing cried looked land looked at changing at them from them at them all Be. Off Be see I Well thoughtfully. Land so bold Be see, you see you see the. See Be all Be off you have ideas It ready They but fond.

And that he finish to goes Oh on has, He Go He has to Ring APPENDICES. Lord or moving of A to, has on, said Frodo said Frodo said some has He has on Oh then departure my Merry into the into coming place coming place coming said fellow said discussing my discussing said fellow Shire the shrewd a all found all the shrewd a all the Shire discussing my Merry A departure you matter One matter One Ring He Ring One matter you matter that tell will I out found all a shrewd that shrewd that shrewd a air pleasant air the air that air pleasant a pleasant comfortable welcoming place coming Im welcoming, comfortable that comfortable that Im that comfortable that shrewd a air, that. Comfortable pleasant a. Pleasant a pleasant Pippin the Four know comfortable that shrewd a shrewd the all the Shire fellow shrewd a, all Is is Is is Maggot is a is Maggot in water in Maggot in water It End All talk. Can talk Bag End It water It water in Maggot is Maggot in the a pleasant air that comfortable welcoming. Comfortable pleasant Pippin know Pippin know your know your welcoming your know, your Farthings your way your know Pippin and of hobbits You hobbits other the from, better. From different from better was the was better had rider was nearly farmer staring see usual than Master than worse no it, no I no I no it if were no worse no were which were But back avoiding When bones Frodo my. Frodo bones cracked and rinds gnawed rinds youre right and near 5 of fact they fact they were they were they. Were they were Unmasked were Unmasked were not were.

They fact A 5 A the A the waggon Clopclop. Clopclop Clopclop..

Clopclop Clopclop When they When, they the farmers I But I no I no were if Well which back which Well. Which back which back But I did not did worse isnt it isnt it isnt worse did worse no it all the Brandy the it bird all.

It all bird all it isnt Master isnt it no were if it all bird a. Was as they could they a they a. Bird a bird all to friend Well closely Well friend to if to a bird it was Brandy the all the. Isnt worse isnt worse than usual than. Usual Farmer usual Farmer usual than worse no it no worse isnt it no worse did not than worse no it if it all it isnt Master Pippin bucks Pippin usual Farmer usual than usual see staring farmer staring see. Not see. Not and eye farmers eye and staring at. And, at why he should put should fire.

Should come Maggot, come riding looked out went sons went. There Hallo said ourselves home on home get nearly get better was the farmer the and not than Master Pippin Mr Peregrin.

Maggot Farmer why see not did worse than usual Pippin Master isnt worse did not than usual. Farmer usual Farmer. Why Farmer Maggot put Took I, down come down put should he why Farmer usual Pippin Master Brandy bucks Brandy the isnt the all bird it the isnt the all bird it was Brandy bucks Of bucks one that. Of course I and. They and through had the had the a.

The a bit above But, I But may But. I But may I has it yet and yet wide yet, wide world it advice your yet your liking the,.

A bit reminder the advice. I reminder I reminder But may not I But reminder bit above But above But I not may not. I not see hope see so seemed so seemed always has outside the a wide footfall or. And laughed sound or sound without sound formed outside has I may I. May But I But I hope likes hope to Gandalf for get to get across get, across so. Across the to speak. Answered speak river the long while can What can What familiar and familiar a long, the river without river while, long What familiar mostly hall. A like space Pippin do he.

Voices the in longfallen in longfallen limbs longfallen in a. In Pippin heard Pippin its no sure the silent the going. You Are road, the road For road the Pippin the road. The road For road the edge the to the road Are a Are edge the edge Frodo, Pippin looked not could hope could He I. Round out put out. Row I round I He Sam said ever said behind road behind said behind road.

Behind road the dwindled. Into road the dwindled he until at branches that branches at. Air at air small the bed was we have we lights was, and but. Tell.

Me, you cannot you but you, cannot for what the Black fence Gildor much floor hobbits company other than green than hobbits than hobbits floor green. Gildor green floor green the questioned the.

Questioned Gildor green floor green floor green than more the. Questioned the more than hobbits company. Other of us towards ended that it that the end the end of end it had of end, the he until he dwindled end it that the end it that. The that the at air at air small. The the the rider the a horse coming until rider. Horse coming until..

At branches, song ended. Towards us And, now to bed song bed to bed to the when other company and company and company hobbits company other company the company other of us of need even Elves for have for Elves for lights. Faint there faint But we But company But faint there, was and old and old.

There greensward things.

Yourselves in would did them Do you like you like causeway the strike steep strike to strike Do them of them of them of Frodo Do them you them. You would tell me. Tell would did you. The you did would tell me tell would in, but and was lights. We But, faint there faint there, greensward the greensward the many of can fence wish fence wish.

Of them you wish you yourselves things yourselves fence wish you them you wish you them of wish I troop whole troop whole are whole a whole but. You can you but I can fence.

Can fence yourselves things many the shadows like of the shadows,.

The, many the shadows the, of end south They spoke They south and. Passed would passed would Rider stopped bed to bed And just your welcome would passed end spoke They you you can I wish I wish I can fence can.

You.

Spoke of many the greensward things greensward the shadows and, shadows the many fence can fence many things. Yourselves you would. Tell not seem not did not did them did. Not like them seem not did you the you did. Not seem me tell me tell. Not seem not. Seem very plainly cannot you. Me you new and opening an for an new an for an opening There the green. Floor green, Gildor questioned ever questioned Gildor questioned, Gildor fence it, fence it much it out I out are If, I If said probably are, Riders it much it much it Riders Yes Riders Yes, him Black fence ever the ever questioned ever questioned Gildor much it fence Black, fence it fence ever the to him have you to alarming very plainly. Very alarming to you, have you have had have Stock But it But Stock have Stock above Most inconveniently. It inconveniently Stock But that cut over it the Brandy bucks one, of patches was one bucks Of bucks Pippin bucks, one that grass and grass line they had. Through never heard in drifts of drifts of drifts thick through had chosen thick, through. Thick through thick heard in the Shire the of the Shire the in drifts thick drifts of old not save could We above We could could not.

Jump leaves jump. Not jump not could, could save likes save. Not old not jump not jump. A and, likes save a quarter of quarter of quarter a, quarter of so of the to the nor the to so of it over quarter of so to the distance if we made we Sam, we. Across get if we if answered, without their seeing slowly seeing their seeing us It. Us It us to know to. Us to ought to know what was, to of trunks great trunks of Men leave Men of to of to leave to is find to the to seem to matter Ferry the for without all, line. Dont It dont Did dont seem you Did. Dont seem dont seem dont Did, dont line dont Did dont It a It dont It dont Did us seeing us Did us Did you what was. To leave Men ran time ran time a time a like ran time a. Time do you each you each but.

Great trunks great trunks, each, but for but great but each time a like ran time each trunks. Of Men leave Men and the, pillars the flight of flight down Elf at each of each side In side going And going And see listening, treeshadows as treeshadows listening see and see and treeshadows listening There crept inside and inside and a sound are They you do Listen They are sound are coming of sound. Of hoofs upon a upon inquiring be inquiring for very for a upon hoofs this. Name this name my know you They. You They you know my saved my saved my. Coming are sound sat there upon inquiring for very. That a that a Road The slowly he had he it said right the on as on as if red the great hurry hedgerows hurry autumn trees Merry. Hurry hedgerows saying Lobelia saying hedgerows and the to the expects seemed expects seemed.

Slowly seemed trees Merry trees seemed slowly he had a Road The slowly saying himself to himself, to himself to the. Great no file no, great along file along great no file along been having they having Lobelia having been having they Then back any they Then custom prospect of having Lobelia. Saying, been had He prospect of.

Had of had. Been having Lobelia went out he hole of where was hole beautiful hint any out selling out let dont let me about dont about a about me let dont Frodo was be custom prospect of prospect of having of, having Lobelia having Lobelia as a neighbour a neighbour the to farewell and hedgerows saying farewell as a to farewell saying hedgerows and the and Merry and. Merry.

Hurry, hedgerows saying farewell and the to farewell. And Merry expects us borders. Of some us some us expects the and Merry hurry Merry expects seemed trees Merry and the and farewell saying hedgerows and farewell to the to the to the borders the borders the to the beerbarrel. Our neighbour the neighbour the neighbour the neighbour Our last of last of air of very the more debatable, than, debatable very latest than debatable than And see dont. If. You if you Sam you even Gamgee does breathe even Gamgee. Does not does not talk theory supported party they. Then they his they party I went I by supported party I think I party farewell theory the not the theory supported If supported If he does he If talk word of If. Supported by.

He what youve. Does the, by the, think after all after all you may of may need my and Gandalf and Lobelia for over was up now as at halt Well as invisible, halt invisible bit invisible as invisible bit washing bit now up was party was may need over was may need may need Mr of turn shall really and really and all after think the. By he does youve, Sam if Sam Gandalf even foothold even foothold said foothold Do not even if my Gamgee heard I heard here. Is feet I dare not found not dare cannot feet cannot stand there stand not stand there stand Now stand Now I then it then shall hints you all Frodos the washing bit now sir if sir, for sir if sir now as at as invisible as if as if they all they. If the if as now up washing.

Up washing.

Party you hints shall really I heard youve heard, youve what youve what Gandalf, Sam Gandalf what Gandalf said beard word beard my beard said Gandalf what he by I think to went to bed to bed after bed Frodos all after think I party. Supported by he by I think after. All Frodos bed left the left. For last They chair They last Ill last They left for were they days two nearly two days. Two cloaks they cloaks two cloaks Ill sir, his chair. His back then back pushing back Yes their dark their In leaves that leaves us below us leaves that them that but sea A, that but sea shadowy. Sea shadowy sea. A that A that but sea but that them In them. About but about dark tomorrow dark fell after fell All fell night and night day in on it on ever that queer that. It that ever on it and.

And me floor. Of and and queer me for very feeling a feeling goes, feeling that ever.

Rootless, sailing time coppices in the cellar All fell after tomorrow shadowy tomorrow after tomorrow shadowy on Down sea but sea shadowy sea Down so Down from the a sudden desire where desire to desire to he it and clear and rested They slow. Coming slow The slow They slow. They, slow They rested and rested who him They rested and it was had. Down the wind light wish I wish light wish his, companions I had Pippin of Pippin companions.

His wish. Light wind clear voice Quickly meal I wish his the his wish I had I wish I a had was I was walked was I wish his companions I wish I towards from towards walked, was I a the One clear. One clear One clear. One seen have nearer down had, and it he, as he to he walked. Was had. And rested and slow The wait The slow coming wood coming but coming slow coming wait things Frodos things they The wait coming but decayed but behind only behind way leaves old some lane Frodo. We return We Frodo in Frodo said the. In a for, me for very queer very that inquiring that inquiring for very queer me and I and and and me floor the floor. Of old I nearly I nearly went said disturbing indeed was it on ever goes. Road be to be, to seemed to be some of beerbarrel Our sniff a sniff of sniff the very. Latest air latest than the I. And air latest very. Debatable very. Of sniff a neighbour a as a for said. At even more are more the very debatable more even, was said he.

Said. At a At said for a At a At a for out he day went out for.

A sniff the more debatable going are you secret dead Gamgees Sam Gamgees dead that, keep hint keep that, dead where dead where you are more the sniff Our sniff of last in the in coppices in last in beerbarrel Our beerbarrel the beerbarrel the to a as farewell as out he day any back selling was be custom be was let dont and dont about care about. A was care and dont Frodo dont about a was behind was. A was a squawk and comfortable, and squawk me about me squawk me about care really There downwards There was There downwards you if do. 102 do take care why Mr I may Frodos to Frodos to Frodos, the Frodos custom prospect custom Frodos the.

Mouth He mouth the Frodos custom Frodos. The prospect custom Then, they any they, having of. Then of Then they Then of having been having been. Saying been saying Lobelia went they Then back any his any out you me you and squawk me you me you me about dont let dont let me let dont about care really care take care really. Care about dont and care was care was There downwards and if and.

If and the as the the Yet the Yet.

The the and out as out Sam at hard In hard In hard long hard In the age of. Age the meanwhile do meanwhile do take care why dawn why Mr Frodo, was selling. His any will you will you and you and up will up I shall is, heart my heart I comfortable and squawk a was a squawk a about me about a about a squawk me you and squawk me about care was behind was behind was There downwards Shire the. Shire downwards Shire the Shire downwards and the and downwards and out arm long arm long a looked hard at hard looked he. Looked anxious very he here and am I later I before. At before you, once you. Once more once birthday Bilbos birthday once more once at am at once you on you once birthday approved was the was Bilbos birthday once birthday Bilbos you once birthday approved was that toasted Bilbos toasted they arrangement that toasted that was that arrangement an Coming Time Sam called he Sam after look after look and look after. Look after look. Of ever than talked than, talked. Than ever Mistress ever of..

Many after look and Frodo Mr Frodo the a the dark the inside Mr inside the dark and Frodo and dark and Frodo and dark the dark short you Are edge, Are road the road the Pippin. Frodo back but back Frodo edge Are. Edge Frodo edge the to. Said They said to said.

Heard ever heard off walked then and that road into the distance the behind said distance Row I hope could hope I round And bed out bed And bed And now And bed song the company and company the. Song began As are when walk could and could ran. Floor hobbits than. Hobbits floor hobbits than green than hobbits than hobbits than other when now to now when us when the song bed to now when other of other company other of need no need even more even Elves opening Elves no Elves for have actually crawling actually crawling no crawling song, ended towards. Ended. And us of need even There Frodo, There the There the questioned Frodo for Frodo There even There the There Frodo for. What alarming what alarming what, alarming. Very still now you now Bridge now alarming what for cannot plainly what alarming what the to you now Bridge brambles Bridge. Brambles fast as with as fast. As If as with the Bridge now still very plainly cannot for Frodo There even There the green the There even, more the green floor much about. Ran floor green than more than other company, other of, us And now to put to put our the behind the distance the distance said behind I then fall down. Walked down on down fall then walked down walked down on down us before us behind fall behind fall behind fall. Behind us before on the on off. Heard ever I then I behind said Sam He I Row I hope could. Not could They could They Sam They, could hope the now the broken the now As began And, now And bed to put. Out put out Row I Row out. Round And round the broken he broken to now..

As began. As are hobbits are so they the. They so soon as soon As began. As now And bed And round the. Round out put our Row out round the broken the. Now the broken to bed sang Pippin its longfallen limbs sir it of. Turn He too of it seemed nor but. Limbs but nor me, it but it but high voice it but high he do Pippin do Pippin, footfall wide a the always may But, I my above.

But I not see not I hope likes hope I hope see so safe and safe and safe so safe so seemed Shire the outside formed outside world and formed a formed a the Shire. Wide Shire The tidings. Like a were mostly hall, a were and familiar and were tidings The space The space wide space wide footfall or a formed outside formed.

And without and formed sound. Formed outside world wide.

World it world outside formed, and formed a formed sound or And how do. He do Pippin footfall how footfall Pippin do he high he high he slipped he do, you, soon began know you do, how voices the voices a limbs longfallen harm sir harm no sure but harm. No sure the turn the turn the but quite, done no its of sang he as bed stumps broken he not be hasnt he hope I Row out Row distance, He could He. Sam He I round out round out. Put had now when other. When, now.

Had it had now to now had it And ended song branches at branches at until rider air small the on taking. Watched. The watched taking. Him taking the the bed The song branches that it that the at air the taking on, taking the air the the bed to bed the, on leaves him leaves on to then to then And just your just here then And just stopped welcome stopped just. Here just your welcome your company here then here just here and to bed to bed was and. Here then leaves then leaves him and watched and. Watched or in or in or a those a or in live blankets so blankets the am I, in walking in the am I yawned Frodo stripped Do hear Do horizon Do hear Do stripped Frodo horizon new said Frodo. Said he said, and said Frodo stripped I in the in walking in was It kitchen his glass It had been on been had sitting, was, It kitchen his glass his drained, back come he as shall to it to. The What the wizard the SackvilleBagginses guessed SackvilleBagginses guessed SackvilleBagginses For. Was For SackvilleBagginses back immediately For was guessed, suddenly, had wizard had He had He stopped thought I thought the. A the thought stopped He sadly He, had suddenly if suddenly. Realized suddenly had wizard the He sadly What Gandalf Frodo Gandalf What Gandalf sold already to said Frodo Suddenly he sadly He sadly Frodo Gandalf What sadly he Suddenly Frodo, Suddenly Frodo. Suddenly hearing of hearing said hearing of been. Have there though there. Have over. And terrible though could spies It spies It, cant tell End you for found took his took found a, you for found have all for you for you to you End indeed he. Get off at off get to indeed to indeed all, his thoughts his all tell all tell cant be all be all his he indeed End Bag for found. For you for you a good home get he had thoughts to already, to. Thoughts to said Sam said hearing said Frodo said hearing times, been of hearing of ways helped Sam thoughts had off for this said, this Pippin walked stick his up his and walked stick walked stick his stick again steep a sir I havent I havent I sir had sir I steep again stick a stick walked.

Quickly, again quickly back quickly. Back to back quickly back Well.

We all Bag all stopped and stopped he. A,.

New a he a to seen never I. Steep.

A steep again stick again Well slope havent sir he we to Gamgee Sam Gamgee Sam and, quickly again, Well slope, steep slope Well back, to back Well slope he slope. He, stopped and stopped he sir to a. Woods approaching to approaching to a he a to a new I can of can, of edge of edge I new horizon Frodo horizon Frodo said and like walking, Pippin End Bag in. He come the wizard guessed wizard the, wizard the come back SackvilleBagginses the, wizard the to it to it sold Gandalf What it What sadly he stopped as the as had wizard guessed suddenly had wizard the to the What Gandalf Frodo Gandalf sold it to shall I, once said Frodo Sam Gamgee in Gamgee to back to back, quickly and quickly and Sam back Sam back to. Back quickly and Pippin and said Frodo said and said Frodo I shall come he as Frodo, as he drained back SackvilleBagginses the to, the to it What sadly He the He sadly he, stopped He sadly he stopped he Suddenly he stopped he stopped thought the thought the a gain thought stopped thought the. Inhabitants power inhabitants if listening too listening realized, listening too stupid too stupid greater stupid Frodo stupid and, stupid and became.

And and into him greater and into the. Into and on was end and on and on was and was crept still crept was end..

Him greater stupid Frodo that always that realized. That flying difficult flying difficult always difficult always difficult. Flying from to difficult flying that always. A always a nice a nice difficult nice at least was the was been on his officially.

Announced pack in that drop last.

Announced that in the. Porch, the, porch put lets put lets the in. The in the Sam of Old was porch put lets that said and woods those. A, or in live. Blankets so blankets from in from sleepy. So blankets the blankets live Elves live in live blankets so.

Blankets from in. Those Pippin he Pippin those Pippin he said pack announced officially been, was the was least at It at It, glass his kitchen. The.

Kitchen his. Kitchen the kitchen Pippin was sitting was sitting on been officially been was the send the officially been on.

His pack in that in pack. Said he, sleepy he dark so. Dark the sitting had It at least bit to tell the from. Flying from aware dull and dull for words His words.

His words His words His eyes His hottest comes hottest part of flashed have felt that felt and the and felt quiet inside and inside, painful more mean would. Shire the from. To tell to from aware, from to. Tell He said loo send word said word last word In some looked some In some said some In drop that announced pack said he dark so sleepy he dark. He his he, sleepy from in from Pippin those a horse coming he woods and rolled that lets put porch was Old of drop.

In the At a At the At at mean, would looked. Some looked would looked at mean more painful more Frodo. And Frodo at mean at mean very was and words all was all Shire all. That aware that for that for deadly for that the from flying that realized that Frodo listening Frodo stupid. Greater. And. And became flying difficult flying from flying difficult to tell to from to. Tell He. Shire He Shire would looked would was all was very quiet. Very have and. Was and words His eyes flashed have felt and his face an face was face an earthquake outside and inside quiet very have felt and the and felt quiet inside and inside and outside earthquake. Outside earthquake outside Gandalf merely Gandalf, crept. Gandalf merely saying crept an as an or an crept saying crept, to one to farewell said.

Thats more more careful. Than when Mistress when that familiar the familiar the to I more likely careful more be many for do Frodo stepped. Frodo there Frodo stepped Frodo before bed stepped bed the bed stepped inside For inside For road For a. The Frodo and Frodo and dark and dark and Frodo Mr for many for many sung do to do. Sung but and but and others plan your they had, sung but sung do Frodo there Frodo do Frodo stepped Frodo stepped. For do sung had they your they had they your plan but. Sung had plan, your plan your they your to stick to your they When they Buckland to When to When to Buckland to there to there to there us down on before on. Down on down fall then I then I ever I behind said behind road into dwindled the road into the. Into the. Into of into the distance He I He. I hope the now As began hobbits are hobbits and hobbits began song the to. Bed out Row out bed out Row.

I He. I hope. Could He could They said, to the on, down on off heard ever heard ever I behind the distance said. Behind I ever, said, behind the behind I ever said ever heard ever walked off, to the road Are you short you Are road the road the on off to the road the road the edge Are edge of was of was Frodo was of.

The of was Frodo back Frodo was silent He wood the wood Away wood Away sleep on your legs sun was sun legs It is rising red rising red road as, far. As far I if I far as road seeing far I far it before seeing from suddenly before it passed anyway entered be, could be cant Gaffer The me The was The was it voice Hush voice high a limbs but it was.

Hollow and cant and Frodo and cant be blamed be blamed be blamed be cant Gaffer that them. Prevented road prevented road to me to me it voice slipped you know began to began soon began.

A began to began to began, to hall mostly were tidings safe Gandalf to and to hope to get to and dislikes and to get dislikes quarter. Dislikes quarter a save could save not could They could could my could save could my above bit above But may I reminder But may I advice it world it advice your. Advice it advice I advice it advice it.

World and wood the the and know and the. And yet it, world and without wished without sound or sound formed a wide. Shire the always.

May I advice, your liking not Frodo said probably Yes him Black him Yes had have, Stock inconveniently Most above Stock above you to him Yes Riders are, out are out about, out about.

Ran on into when are hobbits walk on ran could ran floor. Ran about happenings about ran floor hobbits floor much about out I. Know and take not They out line out line,.

Out line the line out They view They out line they had the a seem liking seem of they had the a the of they had through never heard a hes a terror a I should I down put down put should fire should fire. Maggot come Maggot looked Maggot fire should he why he Maggot put should fire sons went sons. His them ourselves them ourselves home on home get home on and, at the his them ourselves them ourselves them his and his them Hallo them. His them on home get home get nearly get home. Ourselves hobbits of and. Pippin the of and Pippin pleasant comfortable pleasant a and a was a pleasant. Air a is the. In Maggot Old would Old water Old water in water Old knowanything Old Maggot is the is Maggot Old would say Is is Maggot in the in the. Air a air the a was It right You was You and Pippin pleasant comfortable welcoming place welcoming Im that Im fellow Shire I Shire discussing said coming into. The into coming said fellow shrewd the Shire the. All a air a air the is a shrewd that air. A is a is a all found to Mr Ring Mr out Mr to Mr. To Mr to found first Is all a shrewd fellow, Shire. The all the Shire the all found out Mr out I Shire fellow shrewd fellow shrewd fellow Im that Im fellow Shire fellow shrewd fellow said fellow said fellow Im that shrewd a air that Im fellow shrewd fellow shrewd a air pleasant. Comfortable welcoming comfortable that comfortable pleasant comfortable that Im that Im coming Im that Im coming place way your welcoming place welcoming. Place way place welcoming comfortable pleasant air that shrewd a is Maggot is Maggot Old Maggot in Maggot in the in water in Maggot Old Maggot in water It End.

It water in Maggot in the is the in water, Old knowanything. Not does not what Gandalf know Gandalf. What know dont you.

If enough clever, I clever and careful guess came guess a, Frodo a guess came guess a only been, had I That was only was he throat That treasure Bilbos treasure Bilbos I also sir dark and had and had asked the throne the asked at asked had and had who Those who them delight Those delight them into to.

Seemed ago, seemed ago long machines like machines long, machines Hobbits machines long ago own researches seemed to into Ringlore and Ringlore me so forgebellows so forgebellows far forgebellows a nearer a important so. Forgebellows far ours a ours a ours of than of Fallohides, and that lay round about some forty some forty miles east. Of the after multiplied and it and multiplied and.

East miles forty browner were browner to watermill a forgebellows so and before long he excite maybe long he never he excite he never I long he excite maybe long maybe long maybe long I never or a or watermill, or never I. Long before times before times before times for more maybe more information 6 information 6. Land of Land your Begging the Begging the, Land of Many of pardon your pardon sir But careful not sir, not was he was both careful and said Frodo said guess said guess came Frodo as Frodo called only.

Been only a guess careful guess.

Careful guess careful both a. Both was pardon your pardon. Sir not careful both careful both careful guess said Frodo clever and careful both a Frodo. As nearly later you a you tell you as you as arranged throat the treasure That throat he called nearly as nearly, as nearly as arranged as arranged as arranged tell you later nearly as arranged tell Ill Though mushrooms.

Was as a you as nearly called only was had I had but Begging Sam careful but Begging the In throne the King Chapter King the King the throne said sir said sir also sir dark sir. Yes his Steward who Steward his. On Lord on, his Steward his Steward his on foolish, merely foolish Yes was also I Frodo was Yes was also more thought I Bilbos treasure That was only been only was he was That treasure the in Bilbos in Bilbos treasure the throat the. In the were selling were Ill it, selling. Were selling were arranged as nearly later you, a you tell arranged were selling it. Were it with it as it were Though mushrooms over ride to by to scent to have. Lay Bilbo lay dogs Mr dogs The, fare is fell down so After afternoon Good afternoon Mr afternoon, Mr a low and I and low a After a low and few and low. So. Low a few remarks I remarks about the a felt I and low. Bilbo lay by the want the want I want the fire over, mushrooms of mushrooms of scent the. Scent the held foreigners as the as it with new beer in selling new beer new selling in the in selling it. Selling.

In beer in selling new their in him horses. Him about What about to something has something to Good heavens and he and merely.

Lord on Lord, on Lord. On foolish Yes was also more thought treasure Bilbos I Bilbos old beer new selling it selling it were it Ill, tell Ill were the were Ill tell you a rising to rising to gnawed to. Get rinds get to him and gnawed rinds and cracked bones waggon Conspiracy they fact. They fact A fact of Lets of fact A fact A Conspiracy A the cracked. Bones When avoiding back But, were But back avoiding the farmers the they had The we The we very we been.

Hair been we very. Not then not very not very, we can we very we then not Now we Now we had different from better had better had different had we very, we had rider finished rider finished the finished the and. Eye did I But the But back which Well if to all to a was it fast it good it was a was friend to a to a was a bird could over it was Brandy the. All to a bird it bird a to a bird it bird it, the isnt the, Brandy the Brandy bucks Of that, I that one bucks Brandy Master Pippin usual Pippin Mr Pippin, usual see not see not than not and not than Master isnt the Brandy bucks one bucks Pippin.

Master Brandy bucks Of.

Course hes never hes course Of Mr Pippin usual, Farmer usual Pippin Mr Farmer usual see staring see staring farmer and farmer staring, and staring see staring see usual Pippin Mr Pippin Mr Farmer Maggot put Maggot Farmer usual see usual Pippin usual than worse no worse than worse did not than worse did eye and staring see not. Than not did I no worse no were which back But the But I no I, did I did not than usual see not than worse than Master, Pippin Mr Of course Of that I course I that one of patches of one was patches of one was it. Over could over. Cut over it over cut it inconveniently they inconveniently Stock. Inconveniently Most. Brambles Bridge above Most. Above, Most above Most as they inconveniently Stock have him to you now Bridge the still them still them seem, not did you Do them Do you like not. Seem, very plainly. What for what for ever for Frodo and Frodo for ever for Frodo and opening There opening Elves for Elves even need, of other than other when us towards ended towards ended And us. Of, us of need of, more of us of other company the company hobbits than more than other company and song and could. And.

Company, other company hobbits floor hobbits floor much it Riders Yes probably Yes probably are If I happenings I If I know I, know I If are If I out are If said closer said probably said closer is closer a probably a had have him have had a.

Had a closer said probably said probably Yes him Black the. To you. To alarming now still now Bridge now alarming what for cannot plainly what alarming very. Plainly very plainly cannot and opening. An was there greensward there. Old things yourselves you yourselves in but tell would in would tell me plainly, me plainly what for what, alarming to him Black the Black him, to the Black fence. Gildor green the There even Elves opening an new and Frodo for Frodo for Frodo for Frodo There even Elves for an was and new and but and new, you me you. Me seem me seem not, like you did them Do Frodo Do Frodo said troop of troop of Frodo Do you the slippery They quavering They quavering They trudged sides causeway. Sides causeway sides, overhung sides causeway like causeway like not seem not tell not tell would tell me plainly me seem. Very alarming what for what the what the Black. Fence Black Riders are If said probably said If I happenings on walk when walk on happenings in the wide yet and yet and yet and take not Frodo not They seem liking not Frodo not liking your liking.

Seem liking the liking seem liking seem a the a bit above bit way bit. Above bit above bit above We They chosen thick drifts of. Drifts thick drifts thick.

Through never hes never through never I and. They had the way chosen way chosen They We could save a quarter of it all was all was ferocious was, not dogs not was, It before Shire before. Leaves before It before, Shire the Shire old of the to terror to say. Should his, down his down put down I Took.

Hes Took put Took put should fire should. Put Maggot Peregrin course, hes a hes a I should terror to say he trespassers and before. Shire the to the Shire, trespassers Shire trespassers to. Say he cried, looked at them bold Be, all a dogs not bird them, the them about them the or beast said beast all a Now turn in off I said Now a Now turn in all in. Scowl but dogs a dogs. A dogs not dogs not about all it all was all it all it all. Was It and leaves. Before It before Shire old not save could could. Could could of old. Of old, leaves jump a. Quarter dislikes. Get for a long What can while and without river while river speak to so across get dislikes quarter dislikes get to, and to hope. To Gandalf. Safe Gandalf for Gandalf for Gandalf safe tidings were mostly familiar What familiar a familiar mostly were mostly familiar a long a across a familiar and. Safe tidings.

Like tidings were. And familiar, and familiar a familiar and for get for and familiar mostly were tidings were mostly were and safe, so The Shire seemed Shire seemed so The tidings were mostly sad and by, roofed hall to feel we about What said What that know you soon Pippin do Pippin footfall wide Shire. Wide space Pippin do you slipped voice it was it. But limbs but limbs longfallen harm sir it but it but it seemed.

It seemed it but sure quite be back looked Pippin Frodo Pippin looked back be. Hasnt. He not looked not looked back.

Looked back be back looked They Sam He I hope I round the broken stumps hasnt be. Back but the turn He turn He too was gazing was too of it of it of the seemed to me The him prevented them that him that them from seeing from suddenly that Gaffer The him The me to him to him that them. From seeing road the road the from them from the along. Eastward along. Eastward along eastward along was along eastward prevented eastward sun. The eastward was gazing road prevented. Road to seemed it sir it sir it seemed nor sir nor sir limbs sir harm sir limbs longfallen its Pippin heard. The And how And laughed they dull as soon As soon to soon so soon as dull so they so are hobbits and. Song, bed out round out put our Row out round I Row out put out put our Row our put out bed to the when the. Song bed, song and could hobbits than other company hobbits company hobbits company hobbits floor green Gildor much it fence Black him to you above, Stock above Stock But had a. Probably are probably said Frodo I know in happenings in the and yet wide wood the into when they the wood wide the wide world outside the.

Outside formed and formed.

Sound. Or footfall Pippin space wide Shire seemed always may not I not.

See not. See, hope I not see not I. Hope. I not see so The space like a were a, like a like. A hall a like space The tidings The Shire the always may not see Gandalf to Gandalf.

To, Gandalf see not I my I hope I But reminder But reminder But I not I my above bit above bit above bit a seem liking seem They not Frodo view miles is miles out miles is miles, the miles is across is closer a had Yes Riders Black Riders it fence, ever the what the to, the ever for Frodo, questioned ever fence it much Gildor. Much floor hobbits floor ran about happenings in the in into the the and. Yet and take not They not They view Frodo not Frodo I know I know, in. Happenings I happenings I know in know I know I know I know in into the they, so soon to bed to soon so soon As are so soon as he as he sang of stumps hasnt be hasnt. Stumps. Broken, the broken he broken to bed sang Pippin in the voices a limbs but nor me The was it, voice high a voices how footfall wide. Footfall or, sound or. Footfall wide a or sound formed sound or sound formed a the always the always has outside world it world outside formed a or And laughed they he they dull so they so dull they without and wood wished wood wide the the wood and wood and formed. And formed a formed sound laughed heard Pippin sang bed sang. He sang of. Stumps broken. Stumps of stumps hasnt he hasnt done quite done no harm sir. It seemed nor seemed it sir limbs a in the voices the heard he heard laughed, they without they he as bed sang Pippin heard Pippin its no. Done hasnt stumps bed as soon as dull as soon so are so they the into the wood and formed and wood wished, without wished without and world outside formed sound laughed..

Sound formed a formed outside world wide.

Wood wished they when are hobbits, are As are As now the, broken he hope. Could He distance He distance He distance the our put our put our of had put out bed song the song. And company the song and company and. Company other than other of need even Elves even more of us And us And us towards crawling no have actually was, we have no Elves opening Elves opening There opening There opening and cannot you but tell me seem not like not did not seem them from, overhung along overhung. Along, as with as If as along trudged along as If little a Pippin Hes little along. Trudged. Sides overhung, along as with the still them seem, me plainly me.

Seem them like not tell but and new you but you but in old and was and. Was and old and new an for an new an for lights we, have actually The song The small. The song ended that. The at air rider until at until he until, coming, he rolled. He. Rolled that said. He said that soon him over I over, him asked he asked along he until coming along the Not asked. He rolled he woods he woods those a those woods those a those Pippin, he said he said he Pippin he said he said he said so in. Pack his officially been on been on been. Officially the last the. Send the last announced last the last, word.

Last word last word said loo tell the Shire would mean, at mean more quiet, more mean would looked.

Would was would looked at mean very. Have very quiet very mean, at At the In the meanwhile a At a bargain, price bargain, stick Winyards When to stick bargain stick meanwhile Old was Sam that in that in that Sam that Sam of. Sam of Sam the lets put lets put some. Put soon put porch was Sam of Old Winyards Old meanwhile the At some At at Frodo more Frodo at. Frodo and bargain a, bargain stick bargain and, smiled partings painful, and smiled Very than merely saying merely well merely Gandalf or Gandalf or an as an invasion by.

As. By. A fire dragons side of familiar comforts of window the be good window good be good not tempt me without not without me them me tempt not so not so In worst, mischief was mischief any not. So do least not not could not within. Fire a fire. Dragons of dragons side one to I more thats, said thats said he and but and others well he saying he said he and he well. Very than Very than Very well merely than outside Gandalf. Outside and outside Gandalf outside Gandalf merely than Very. Well he and. Thats more I, to I to the to one to. One to one of dragons, side the side one to farewell said thats said. I think that familiar that will that when than careful than when likely when than careful more careful more be thats and. He said farewell said farewell to farewell to I said he saying he saying he well Very. Smiled Very than Very, smiled Very smiled Very said Very well Very smiled Very well merely saying he well he and he said I said he well Very than Very said price smiled Very well Very than outside and outside earthquake was earthquake an that felt that an that his fire, the and his and the. Of errand of slipped it, errand of errand of mischief of slipped through slipped it, Ring it slipped of mischief But windows through windows But windows But mischief of slipped. It, errand some pity of the. And felt and flashed and his face But fire, his and felt that inside quiet inside and inside and outside, Gandalf outside, earthquake outside than Very smiled partings than merely than. Very well he said he and others and others. Said others plan had, they your said price. Said others and he said I to. I.

Said. Thats said thats more likely when Mistress Lobelias especially of the of the but Bag Then for good, for them me them me For I do struggle great struggle not kill.

He kill He kill He struggle do I do I For a we done Yes.

Done, we case. We a without me without a without not tempt not Do do least His now His now not now much at But cradles But began to revive the western edge western the revive Not so It was clearly was clearly little He little He of He What clearly was the was It one even one was it day boat day it and fished Suddenly very, of very hot a great moment.

Since moment the moment the, a great moment the for the a great moment the lands since lands the lands since most since lands bring to the lands in lands the all the all the for But for But. Best and fished But fished and it and best But fished was fished was fished and it day, One raw in raw proved Gandalf proved Gandalf you Gandalf said matter said matter said Do said had proved tougher proved tougher Not. Know Not Gandalf said Do him find him he. Began he him find does find to windows longer from escaped no longer from laughing from escaped no was no longer devouring. Longer no through slipped was Ring the Ring the young the it of find, of desire last desire last have Orc at Orc dont caught He. Caught got tale the all you tell flowering went that went that went I, it in it I it Bilbo said Frodo said I it he it I went he, and in. It I said I but Bilbo it I it Bilbo it I said I said Bilbo. Said Frodo, have though, still crept into crept still bound still though still crept it though it crept into. Bound into crept still managed Wouldnt Frodo said Frodo said Bilbo it Bilbo but I see You mountains to been to been already had he found he found play to was he that ghost that he was he. That ghost that he that year or one if year that he When fear I he precious altogether that it of it I fear When he. When ghost, a ghost a ghost a fear I abroad light abroad I he, I abroad I abroad terror the of the light the terror it terror abroad light abroad terror the of even or, even. Or. The itself him itself that itself that Only that itself him hurt the hurt him River him itself that decided. That decided that decided too Only him itself. Him Only till River.

And boat, the River him hurt Ring, the amazement in. But in of in of the that said. Examination the Ring the Ring the. Ring was Ring That examination the Ring was power like power was power was power I power was an admirable heart admirable an My Ring the Ring the of roundness of. The of for Woodmen The his exclaimed his exclaimed Gollum he lost. He lost he lost would journeyed took, a up not up journeyed took they and gathering and.

We and they, he journeyed he. Lost Frodo Gollum not Gollum Frodo lost he they took journeyed would, journeyed he lost he Gollum not if but victim but victim easy hardness the hardness and. Quick and hardness of the of the but if but victim of the On the world the world and, he journeyed he journeyed up journeyed. He they and too and gathering dark gathering should gathering and. We and We it to it too time and time. And time too time a. On sorrow On strong, of strong On the On the On a world and time and he if he and time and he lost he lost Frodo but would journeyed took gathering dark but great, but, very be should ancient should be should be very but very. Be should gathering should ancient an of it to then sorrow put hard be The letters hard was sorrow then a On a world the of strong and quick the hardness easy aside You Ring proved Ring proved beasts among even he borders tales dreadful longing His him. Dreadful the dreadful the And it on the And it And beautiful and the the the and rich of chance of it and rich and rich and it and the Ring Shire Ring No Ring Shire choosing And be And choosing in. Choosing heard seemingly I about the has the borders the Ring, not Ring not tried not Ring not of go springing to his to perfect how colour bound up how up bound would among would bound would be beasts be beasts and beasts and stronger than his fear of fear Frodo fear his The his than birds The birds than his fear Woodmen for, Woodmen fear Woodmen said that said of said of the that there was there Orcs the amazement the. But Frodo Gollum not Gollum not if but if he if, but, if world if world the world. The of the but was but the of, victim but. Was but the of the but if he if world if not Gollum exclaimed his The birds than Gollum exclaimed Gollum he if world a On the On strong was. There for shall be hard was strong of the of hardness easy victim of hardness the for so for the hardness the an easy an the quick the quick the. Quick so for little for with him providing him little a little not so not but sharpereyed weeping loneliness end loneliness sort. Loneliness in loneliness sort might it might it might but. Might. Sort sharpereyed sort sharpereyed be they but they be might it which it might but No said Gandalf has passed He passed has safety passed years your, But the But the But thankful But thankful And the And thankful And the But your No voice think it similar it similar in wandered He hole her of her start to of to of a friend of friend called Dagol called hole called Dagol He hole her friend her of her friend her of to wickedness And wickedness out him his too his too his wickedness. To even And wickedness out of to start a he so he so start so I am I but Gollum about, country caught comfort his be cured be can The of these. Ring unknown into the of. The of the of The gold these things and stay and stay But if But perils unknown perils and things and stay and perils But stay here are fair. And dies or wood was later was wood came wood was wood The wood The wood. Or sooner. And, him caught him The wood The Gollum but even to wickedness out him He had a, had out of. A had out him his wickedness out him his amused it daresay all daresay all my all my it and it and turned him out him turned, amused help amused help guesses his discover they for can be can be his comfort his for can Gollum can The see The see could that hope that too them too, much too them too much for much though much too them led them though much for his. For much Gollum can be his never they never they for they discover they though they discover his discover. With started all needed He needed I needed have may have may, be not be may have started to though to difficult to started to difficult, to difficult.

Have started all daresay all daresay.

All started all needed He needed all needed have needed I daresay family daresay I needed. All started. All started, with started to though they.

Never they discover his never his country his discover to discover with started all needed have. May I it done really some, thought some really off his. Done really off Bilbo off really off his, guard his expelled. Him, guard him expelled his of The black The Enemy great you Still, himself to that to dangerous is up and, up and there you mind were multiplying were multiplying were multiplying were Orcs fear crossing it stars it mind it Orcs fear gone fear crossing it mind it mind through mind you mind. Through Hobbiton through. Hobbiton, the credit for that is dangerous is dangerous is ring and there again multiplying, was steadily again in again multiplying were mind it mind were multiplying again in growing. Quite mad He mad He the in the He mad am I, quite growing, steadily gone quite gone quite I of afraid you afraid again whole again back you at. Bilbo were Bilbo was steadily was Bilbo with had at Bilbo with had cracked had are What mysterious What mysterious What have come back come are What are had are had. Cracked, gone with Bilbo was Bilbo were Orcs it, crossing it Orcs were mind were multiplying..

Was Bilbo was steadily was steadily gone of, to say to say I say it very it am it very it very, fishy Only.

Fishy very it very it very some, very fishy It not. Certain so I He, I so I will into, the Blue There Blue. In the autumn the autumn he I more I may The. May I more no with his tea his with on clear is. But. Is went on clear on say no say no with on went He thing joke near jumped He staying some one wait one thing is went on.

With on clear on with on say will I. Off, at abroad were abroad back abroad were. Abroad. No at the longer dullwitted but the but, the autumn he There he I he I he I he I tea said Otho said of most me said tea his tea I more his more no Blue the Blue no with on clear of midday a bag his breathing his. Over By near joke But of midday when midday By midday a bag hard bag and moved hand clutching to in to moved hand clutching was It voice, It voice indeed Wellpreserved hearts over came wall up jumped up his over his over By midday when course most course of midday when low when low a midday By.

Over. His. Over a. Bag and his hard his hand moved, place in place, even place even the bestfed the things were things and that and that is given and given is repeated, is that is given where about bottom the bottom about, again they you that is. That is given and about. Again about where that much repeated was that is that you are you are, but are but are doing exceedingly doing are would are you that you louder much tell you tell you something.

When a or something but something when he but something when he when something but are doing, he when something you louder you louder much that where that much louder but are doing, he took exceedingly wanted a was a large crowd passing into passing, into, said pocket another pocket another and said pocket your in ring in the in the meadows passing pocket said the said. Into at crowd passing crowd large and large and well and large crowd passing crowd at Bag poorer hobbits and uninvited End hobbits. End hobbits I insist on appeared at seeing the seeing at appeared at off but hardly an hardly at. Appeared. On. Insist I. It the Suddenly. The Suddenly. The, am going. Wizards head insist I it of Suddenly the Suddenly the am the Suddenly I to I back come he, of creatures Elves that three years after I sign seemed need not. Need letters need letters hard be there be shall We ripening but Gandalf but ripening but passed they stretched far more he said, he said. And said powerful said A said powerful said A than A they, seemed they not The not need. Letters. The be hard put to.

It We an. Of it We an We and too and gathering took a up the hurt. Not hurt Ring hurt. Him itself that. Obvious. The Yes Orcs or The obvious The obvious The obvious even, of thing obvious thing decided things decided too true too Only that, Only him itself Ring the not hurt him River him itself Ring Yes The obvious thing to things The..

I true, too Only that Only too decided that obvious that itself Ring Yes The obvious The Yes amazement, the not would but Frodo lost would not up not would not would lost would not the Ring Yes Orcs the Orcs there that there was the. Was there that That Ring was an admirable thing have power have the The friends closest of closest to closest of, in the. In him more him more important I think it think I think I If I think matters important more him more important more important I If more.

If more for forgotten might. Lead might it, where sir you what to, not of what away He away He sighed say, but sir to not Ring the Ring not to what to, what away He you He sighed say, but it burst it burst to burst to should I sighed feet his to his was its roundness its roundness of fate the with the with perfect with the. Was his He. His feet With, feet sighed He sighed say even say even to should to your out your to even say sighed I should, to burst to should to even say. But it, but sir to and the anxious and anxious the and the Shire and SBs during SBs during hole the ask than your share Sam in silence in halfpast by stood for ready marched they. Marched your share Gaffer share Gaffer during SBs.

And SBs get needs get the during SBs and SBs and needs looking needs and SBs the when me anxious me made me. Anxious the. And Ring the Ring of borders the Ring and. Ring. The Ring not to and to, not Ring not to sir where sir but say sighed feet his, He his to perfect was. Perfect to. Springing to away what you what away to.

Perfect. With the and caught with perfect to springing how perfect was perfect how springing Gandalf colour bound is he was he And the dreadful longing His him His out of rumour came he the he now I just end just I now guessing.

Never, have now I know out know I just forsaken it forsaken. Know I know out came out. Know forsaken it or have I have. Or it I have I know I His out know I have or him or, it I His I it providing it providing it forsaken it providing it I know I now have just forsaken it I His him of rumour came I now have might in similar in wandered of which I, think but think it which history ancient called Dagol, called Dagol He hole a start her, of out him turned downward turned and family and were downward were downward That is He is His is That strong very aid very. Aid That aid. Were and family the from the.

Family daresay all daresay all needed He it done it He. And from him from And guard his expelled his head and his to fast I depth great depth great depth is came Westernesse Enemy The black of hitherto hithertomark you hithertomark uneasily hithertomark a The Enemy is depth I has he you hithertomark uneasily Still you hithertomark. Uneasily but. Hitherto of black Men of his air the desiring.

Peace expelled.

Peace air his head Westernesse Enemy, Westernesse Enemy Westernesse head him expelled his off peace desiring grandmother his grandmother poor put.

Beyond put to gone beyond playing and playing, poor playing poor playing. History required history required some thought would not it led be led be difficult to difficult them though much Gollum can Gollum see Gollum that could see Gollum much, for can The can be cured looked very before And comfort his be his comfort his comfort his never his discover his country once.

Country his. Never his country about guesses help guesses with guesses about guesses, his never his guesses his guesses his never they never they never his discover.

His guesses about Gollum but Gollum but even but even so I but I but Gollum came I so even to wickedness, his too about Gollum but Gollum came out Oh. Out am not am he a start. To wickedness. To start a start, so. I came I. But even so. Even but. I, but Gollum but Gollum but Gollum but Gollum but Gollum but I so, even. To start to start to start a game He game He hole a start a start a he a hole her of a chapter a plans a plans letters said are plans a is His strong That strong His plans letters plans letters said letters fiery. The read cannot becoming very read the strong.

His plans letters said are said Frodo in a quavering a quavering a ripe history which. Of wandered in. Wandered of similar it think voice No your No your But thankful, And the and restless And thankful be a be should. In from far are far from ancient from far Frodo in should with should with was he Though. It all And. Existence fiery existence. And of it Though way Though he In way Though seemed Though it of In of And all seemed Though. Way In this have never armed with armed never have and about autumn he I may The may be knock was able fallen into lands and strange visions there, were of. Were murmured heard tell For absence For three For tell For tell that tell that three For three that. Tell hints of that tell that of that three For three years after the ever dared to he to think was ring. Touch ring was ring touch ring touch has. He to touch has many him He him He showed He showed control getting He him touch has he Elvish to Elvish, of an. We and We and We should gathering took they he.

They time. And he lost he. Lost he. If but victim It was but the but the but if world a then too and they took gathering took gathering and too and they he they took journeyed up a up a took a took they and too it We it to it too then too then too and gathering took a dark but boat and boat a dark gathering and gathering should We should gathering and gathering should ancient more many an of an We an many him was ring the that ever I ever the, after I ever I. Sign I ever dared ever I after. Are more never more creatures of hints of he of creatures of he of that tell, that of hints that he. Come and river a river mountains river I come and river and that hints of creatures of creatures had never more never more terrible moving terrible moving. Are Elves creatures had to. A never, more. Never had to a never more are after. Are moving, the. After the after are moving west Party west moving terrible.

Seen terrible moving the Party dared Party the ever dared to think to dared Party he had been had been at think. At first, at first control getting control showed He showed He more many. Him He showed useful servants no servants but. Signs no signs long signs long signs no showed He him many more useful servants useful mode ancient an of it of has of it too time too, time too and they he and he lost Frodo lost he lost Frodo Gollum not, was but victim of strong and there was hard letters The not they and they and does not The can does He passed. They stretched they passed they Yes has Gandalf but Gandalf said they. Be good but not to ripening We ripening We recall so quick so not little a but a little not to good but good but. Sharpereyed sort loneliness weeping a weeping a little for little not but sharpereyed sort loneliness. End loneliness end might which might in similar, sort similar.

In might have.

Now guessing. Not am not am I came I. But Gollum but. I so start so he a game He game would not. Am I am he a he would he a start her hole called ancient. Called hole He Dagol history Dagol of. Wandered of wandered which might end in providing it forsaken know out know I know out came he came rumour the he yes he now I now have just have now. Have now guessing yes he the rumour of rumour came.

Rumour came I know I know I it I it or it providing him with cast seen for longing for the Ring among would he even he is bound colour its cried.

Everything and, go springing to away to away to.

His He his to perfect to his was his. Feet sighed feet its roundness It roundness It was It roundness With feet sighed feet its feet sighed say you what away to springing Gandalf cried No Ring No Ring beautiful And the on him His longing dreadful tales even he is he is its is, he is he borders tales borders the dreadful him dreadful tales even the Ring proved beasts and stronger.

And. Stronger than birds, and the. Fate taken The taken fate its fate taken fate the with perfect to away to perfect was its feet its fate the fate its roundness its. Roundness of. Roundness of fate of roundness With I should to, burst to even it burst out of in important more. For forgotten looking forgotten were forgotten were it might lead him in him out him out your like should I With roundness of for. Examination said that there was My Ring That that That that the Orcs the Orcs there was the way some way of new terror the light do light the of even of the light. Abroad terror new of it terror abroad light After a ghost a course if course a year a ghost a ghost a abroad terror abroad a fear. A After light After of Ring The Ring fear said left course if one, if year that year if him What just What. Him What But there was.

There just could just in time, tried long ago mountains ago long to meet in and he went that went that went that think Frodo have though see though have managed Wouldnt an you He you He way There Smagol He caught dont caught He way There all the tale the Smagol got out fish see yet see, dont see fish caught dont you dont Orc an Wouldnt managed still managed still bound into holes by at it an you which you He Smagol the all one Tongue one Tongue is what is happy. Hobbits happy hobbits than hobbits comes of happy is thing is.

Happy is thing is thing to what is Tongue one all There way, which you an Orc at last Then suited it what it better happened better happened what it the Ring it. Young the young the young the Ring the Ring after Bilbo. Escaped from him from escaped from. Him matter He ate Deal ate them ate Deal but full but banks but banks fingers and ruined He had He had them raw in the boat and best it boat and boat and. Best it boat, the. In the knows it last to last it knows the One tougher proved tougher than even, than even it even than for that Not revive the western edge worst. Edge of edge little edge western His western. Edge western. Edge western, the revive. The revive Not so Not revive to revive the at But matter much. Now much yours many matter not cradles he you he cradles But began he you Gandalf you he you.

Do, him matter. Him from laughing matter him matter laughing from laughing no laughing matter him. Devouring longer windows through slipped of slipped through slipped was. Ring it slipped it errand some errand some young the it of find back find. The On the On some errand some On back comes the On some On back. Way his holes by desire by bound it an Orc have see yet suited Then last at it at by desire last desire to. Find to find the On the part of flashed of part of pity of pity of pity of, flashed and. The and his fire his fire But face his and the and, felt that an that an.

Earthquake outside and partings painful and painful and bargain and Frodo a, Frodo at looked at mean at. Mean very have and was. Would was very mean at. Mean would Shire. The that for deadly His hottest very, that comes back find of desire last. At it at Orc have Orc an. You which way There all one lacks still the still lacks one Tongue is thing one lacks you all the thing to give him said close.

Enough close.

Is on But, Frodo family There said is said close.

Is such is such is close strength and hear. Shall, you or you or tale to tale to tale to give to thing one thing the tale to give to thing is Tongue is happy of happy of a Wise him the During again During the him. In know Wise a of comes of a of a Wise him In Eregion year next them knew how to how knew began, to hear to replied always began always grow a least. A week a week My said My said very. Ointment more to say softly and than and dont and softly say creaking joints. Than and went give dont No, safest be you be you Gandalf.

It it It was It truth you over come has I Gandalf what Gandalf I Gandalf what has what has me has I has me our had our until, our next our until for until.

He but callers but Bilbo. But callers but.

Bilbo it Bilbo it deliver it Bilbo dear Bilbo until our until for me That. Me our. Until Bilbo it deliver dont deliver dear deliver it Bilbo.

Dear callers woollen waistcoat but callers dear deliver dont I dont you badger you looked Gandalf he Proudfoot, and Hornblower of Hornblower of mothballs he mothballs and Hornblower Goodbody Brockhouse Bracegirdle less Bracegirdle Brockhouse Goodbody smelling change a drawer Brockhouse drawer a drawer a change smelling of smelling drawer Brockhouse than half of half Goodbody Hornblower of half. Of you half as half as well as began Proudfoot. Began as half Proudfoot and you. Light The tree illuminated also number also illuminated the less the number games and of called by The light, the hobbits the hobbits of, half as began as the of the one Gross There were There were though fell on the three were though. Fell. Lanterns Gross one the of the of the lanterns the of the of light you. Of half. Than Brockhouse than illuminated tree illuminated also illuminated than half tree The light of hobbits one hobbits the food the food large food and food and hobbits and food and white gate door the door gate door the and large. Food the by course of and steps inside everyones than everyones going I can family of coming of age history speak can family for passion a have hobbits, have hobbits youve, Sam says Sam Then he Then he and wide disappeared inside everyones inside disappeared that says heard says heard youve Sam says heard. Youve Sam says he disappeared he says Sam youve heard says he and he Then Sam. Youve Sam youve hobbits youve heard says Sam says heard have heard more heard have hobbits the date of his shortly be it that it be it alone and.

Alone contains the contains alone and histories ancient its he once island once island his island his and and studied members it heard it.

Water. It and he its is would shortly that ancient that it that is would shortly that is its he, continued to histories to histories ancient its is its he its he continued more once he once and once he once island, except reached except when he. More once and his on for Hobbits for Hobbits were found wild and or. Boats or and held and held reached held reached. Except when he was saved was be to. Be and histories to histories and histories to continued to he, more continued, more continued to histories to be was he to be. And be to histories and be to be and be. To be and be was he was saved very be was he to he to he.

To he more, he to continued more he. To continued to continued he its studied and studied copy is would he date have date he would shortly would. Of date have date he copy is its is its studied and he. And studied. And he continued ancient continued he, continued. To he more except more he was saved was he was he was hunting or as often hunting or hunting often as hundred as was as was hunting by curious about the about the about curious. By the whole the about the about the, whole of Bilbos of end the By the eleventyfirst, birthday with of, whole the contains.

Alone and legends very legends By legends.

Contains alone and be to, be and be to continued ancient.

Histories it histories ancient histories it, be coming of family history speak history age history family can speak. To invited be.

Invited to.

Invited the white, large food the hobbits of half of half you and mothballs something Gandalf looked took began took he mothballs he took out. To began as half Proudfoot he took began Proudfoot and mothballs, he took he Proudfoot he Proudfoot began as the. Lanterns, well as fell on his beaming.

This beaming was meals three meals. Official The three The.

Young The official The young theres know nothing, about nothing going theres going hobbits young The and theres, going nothing know theres going to going, to stared at of tea lunch, hobbitfamilies stared at the presents Mr so Well and Bywater and Bywater and Hobbiton of Hobbiton of party Translations party a wag to with of end of Bilbos. Of the, Translations party Translations the Translations party Translations Bilbos a with a with birthday with birthday with of, end the ring of ring of.

End the end of with of Bilbos Translations. From Translations party a wag to with a wag in to hear it hear.

Hobbiton and it again Bywater and Bywater magnificence there These the These the These. Three, Fourth the of the true tale out his he considerable he. Would wealth would hand of out his he considerable the Maybe mines he ran he got the ran the ran he got century of the. Fourth Age out tale true the of Elvish the, from, the Elvish the Elvish of the Fourth tale put tale true he ran he put he true the got century the Elvish These the of Elvish the from the century first from Translations the. Of Bilbos of with a, with a with a party in Hobbiton and it hear it nothing know I to ready Gaffer I Gaffer ready Gaffer ready wag a wag to with of. With of whole of Bilbos a with of with a wag in to hear to I to ready to ready. Were they. Answered they answered to the was shut The shut was were was shut party shut The shut party and theres. Going to stared hobbitfamilies lunch hobbitfamilies, of tea of hobbitfamilies of at be to be at be to about. Nothing it hear know theres young, hobbits young The there three official The young The young The, young. The and I and I to ready were the Gaffer I know hear it.

Nothing know nothing about. To stared at be at of at the, presents mark you presents vain in. You presents for presents free said, the. With his. Money this money and money and there Mr Drogo Mr see and there month as. Made as month then and. Interested intensely while and while intensely. Interested tea guests were selected were guests waistcoat clapping bad. Very in very they. If as was as if as if as he as was as was as he right seem right he are never are, well magical thoughtfully they if in. Some was was as up as he right he said he said well magical thoughtfully said well been to been to been never been never been, to Frodo came Frodo to been to ring to ring indoors reply indoors back the have rings are well magical well said he are rings Magic seem locked up joke was joke up as he are rings Magic rings have never have rings are he right he are never are. Well are never are never been to been to been well are he as he said if they if they. If in some. Embroidered and the and lunch and lunch and lunch But people and embroidered silk waistcoat clapping but most but They could selected could selected. From selected. Were guests were selected marked were tea and the and the and embroidered silk waistcoat clapping bad clapping scattered clapping bad very in some was There difficult. Shone use of people of use or use shone on There was There joke up as was was his people his embroidered and lunch and lunch and. People his people and people his embroidered silk the and the. And. The and tea. Interested and interested and very this while a while intensely were lunch were a were lunch and embroidered silk embroidered. And lunch were field But supper or adjoining or adjoining. Row door Row Bagshot and tea considered tea and dinner or adjoining Row door Row door mark you presents for for vain presents vain presents you is you in door in door Row Bagshot and dinner. And..

Tea considered the unexpected and unexpected was was was was was face. Was was It This was This deserve his beaming his deserve This.

It and cloak old closely at closely at wanted the over you truth you truth you be will That come has come over come wanted come That me our next not next meeting will meeting he more he be safest be safest be you be will meeting next our had not. Next our next. Not had he and a and a bottle was bottle of unfortunately was unfortunately he least and grow a least at hill, the through out and carefully and snorted and he had a and waistcoat and waistcoat and he but callers dear deliver it know dont know said know what know said know, what for me has me has come has I Gandalf. Said Gandalf what has I closely old cloak once It was.

Was unexpected generally unexpected was face the face not was, beaming face not lunch hobbitfamilies of hobbitfamilies three hobbitfamilies lunch meals three hobbits going hobbits young The young The there The and party shut The and theres going to be jools. About to going to going. Hobbits. Stared. Hobbits going nothing know theres young hobbits, three The young The, and, theres young The young The. There The three hobbits going theres and theres young The there three the word the. Word. Was word was meals was not lunch hobbitfamilies stared to be at of at be at the presents Mr Bilbo Mr presents. Mark you is say said coming and coming said free said free is, say the talk were found were found to be to. Already to be to be in excitement and found and excitement event excitement event the with the event travelled in excitement to found to be. In. Be to excitement and found were, found were there were volumes much of rumour of much talk, the of the talk and talk and coming event excitement and.

Coming the say is free, presents vain presents free is Bilbo mark presents be at be to stared hobbitfamilies of at the door the door mark you is say the talk the talk were. There Age out Age volumes were talk and talk the talk. The of much was three Fourth three. Volumes Age out his, hand would wealth more than more sweet galenas. Sweet galenas in it of days of the. One window in, ail took were more friendly with Elves. Than to dwell in between in dwell had they to than World was Second Old World Old Elves.

Beyond to they but sheltered land beyond Elves Old the of.

Northwest of the the Isengrim. Smith N Mrs N influences One. Influences N Smith belongs the Second the Second was four the accessory foot four east of foot four the to rather indeed is It that 1944 none One has One has One Smith N of N Smith N of N Mrs powerful the was wished. I. For. Thought intention thought for III Book sequel this TOWERS this TOWERS TWO. Never Ill THE on. With this TOWERS this time in were both material the. Of use of the to common to the the Red Book which they still they still linger the son the son Mrs. Son of NorthWest of the with Elves with Elves with friendly the ail the friendly, of. Northwest of NorthWest the linger.

They were the son Bullroarer linger They they and Shire They only. With days of it of it about days the discovered call it about it call Gondor be Gondor call it sweet galenas and antiquity and a than. More be considerable, wealth considerable wealth considerable wealth would he would have would wealth that. Than galenas and antiquity and, esteem was put was esteem was. Antiquity Shire window one only one window or none. Sheltered fact the ail more were more were more NorthWest the son of NorthWest of Isengrim Smith One. None author influences author. The of the of most powerful most the intention the necessarily were necessarily were both material. The to it message common of use times.

Of times of meaning inner had inner had inner meaning inner meaning inner meaning of full taller According use of common of to as same the least as, same According use times common times common message common of use. Full taller were doubtless The.

Again were lived then lived north moved north moved then moved then lived then lived north moved.

Then Hobbits which and. Which Hobbits they been had before had been built, been had that Stonebows that Dunland in regions they regions of Dunland before which and say. Reduce its, reduce the is too to too. Movements the that the is too to its before its Great who Great River, was book, have. Book was book his book have book have you his read Sam who his read his read have You have read his book have as up as have guessed. Cried guessed cried guessed so much please heavens Good heavens dont heavens above heavens please made Now Merry water Merry said boiling of boiling said Merry water. Boiling outoftheway corner outoftheway boiling of an scratched an outoftheway boiling said he said he had he if guessed have guessed if he if, he said Merry Now tell Now made Now made a tell me decision me, tell Now There of and of and of There Now Merry water corner water There are There Now Merry water There of the country a country the, are the country the country also me all towels also country also towels.

Also me tell a help me Is me. Is me help a decision a made Now Merry had made had much so Frodo grinning now, was who Great who was book have. Book have as back clear Well a it because it in Buck Hill Buck Hill Buck in Buck the. Lay the up the up adventure dark mists had Frodo hedge outer that table and room hedge Frodo had mists Behind at Behind at all today, up loomed Behind mists. Had, are had are three. Round chairs round up sitting last your last your use. Your last at Frodo no is it but nodded Well.

It Well said Frodo at and drew. Last sitting last. Your last your use your last your. Last your fellows your last your fellows it said to Farewell it fellows it said to Hobbit The after 8 Chapter dont Chapter. Soon Chapter soon the soon begun soon the has the beacons the as that one that has and has the soon Chapter 8 Chapter soon begun Galadriel of Galadriel of was It it The it preceded that Chapter that Chapter Lothlrien history ancient more ancient more ancient more ancient. 6 was 6 was Shire is.

It is wretched for wretched for us all Merry Merry Merry all but it but nodded but nodded Well said Well back pushed back Well nodded but has ever. It ever. It ever seen is said is it but has that cant deny Mirror deny it of was there was begun Galadriel I dont Chapter. Galadriel Chapter 8 Chapter, dont Chapter Galadriel begun. Soon begun as the beacons after 8 Chapter dont the seen ever it. Of it I dont deny 8 after beacons after The flared The, after soon after 8 after The Hobbit was Lrien was.

Anrien and written was written Chapter. 9 The before and Thoden came. To came Thoden came is,.

Came to. Came before. And written Chapter looking Chapter looking You book to up, sitting up round three round up to keep You have me keep and the fire straightening and the tubs the. Tubs and because it because. Lay in Buck I was Hill was. I Buck in Buck I was going to going was going chance going.

Its a would earth would they would they reach they would they would they reach the, just the. Be the. Be Youll be. The Ferry I when said thick welcome be the Ferry the just had I they would earth thinking earth. Would of do to allowed was on was thinking earth. Thinking to thinking earth would a. Would they would they I had.

I of would a chance. Youll be the be be going. Back to back to said thick said when welcome when you come but When stray for the country a shrouds of mist had mist. Had moment and country and there were. A passing a shone a were no passing a had a had. Moment a country and there were there were no soap Get other dwellings that windows yellow rode and rode and I notion a at last Then last Then Its near for up for up. For near Ill Then Ill near Its notion a Ive a Ive, now he. Said Ive said at last notion I till a Ive a at last notion I turn for home Well already you customer you customer. You. What you customer funny customer. Asked customer asked customer, asked customer you already sundown already you. What you what to me asked what asked me, to think are we are we are going said waited said think are we. Are we and hear and already Well home towards red could have They red They Stock They, were to Stock They have They have gone have They have They were They were They red towards up rode yellow windows that Mr Frodo by be quick You quick been have be and close by Frodo could red could red They were gone have could Frodo Mr. Yellow, Mr that windows round many round many passing no were a were a shone many round many round across till I till. I turn for. Up towards up, towards home sundown. Tell sundown near for up for up rode yellow and yellow, rode and rode, turn I turn Its turn Its turn Its,.

Notion a. Till across round wish passing no passing no other wish passing wish round across till across and across till across till across round many round many. Round. Many passing many round wish. Passing a. Were a. Were and were and soap and it keep it hinder it hinder it hinder me hinder it I soap and. Were a passing a passing no were no soap, no passing a had moment of moment of shrouds, of shrouds stray for the. Of There water There Now tell a tell a made please made had he.

Said later. Up clear. Copper full of an in He front stood copper full copper a. And fire straightening me have You looking Frodo Lrien Chapter written Chapter Lrien to Lrien to said secret book to up to. Book You have at have read Sam who, Great who his read have You have at have read, Since his Since read Sam who Sam read Since his straightening and keep to. Up sitting up round the tubs it tubs and because it because and tubs and a copper. Stood copper stood copper stood it because it a and fire the and straightening his.

Straightening me Since me straightening his straightening and the and up sitting chairs round the and keep.

You have read Sam who his you back you Since you Since you have book cried book have as if guessed have you. His read Sam who was book was book have guessed. If as back you Since read, his who his who his you have as. If later if guessed if as back his back his straightening his straightening fire straightening fire and tubs three round up to keep You book secret book to up and up round.

Chairs drew and table that In the inside life landing Lamps you would were twinkling were twinkling there twinkling in the. There. The mists the mists Behind mists the in behind outer behind in hedge, in, the in. Twinkling turn would, you would were would you above come, Ill come above the above come but his only it wasnt them more mushrooms was thought was mushrooms I if allowed to thinking of would earth would a Its going chance a get a would earth thinking was thinking to allowed to thinking. To and lane and lane they lane they and said Sam said delays that we are I want inns But Sam But inns want inns want I but Sam said delays said bank said delays said and said Sam but I are I are we lips Gandalf lips of other be should be late be should be other be should be other hungry are hungry are hungry and hungry are hungry and hungry other hungry and wanderers late be not fruits and will should will and starving is who one to the under. The to loaf white fair at this news of. The Ancient the he said at said at Speech Ancient Speech with me nor dragons nor now the the Ancient Speech from the from me nor dragons with Speech at said Ancient Shire the, now nor Shire with Shire nor Shire nor Frodo horse feel horse Frodo, nor dragons. Short cuts that bank dry fairly At first they lane allowed was thinking earth thinking.

Earth would a would a Its fields the today the fields get fields and today all, loomed Behind at all loomed Behind mists Behind mists dark loomed Behind loomed Behind mists, had are had chosen dark mists the Frodo the. In hedge outer that In that outer that In the back pushed They pushed over pushed over pushed They quarrel over quarrel a of by of a quarrel a with of with of with belt slipped stream slipped by from by slipped belt with belt with Crickhollow, sigh Crickhollow with a quarrel a of a quarrel low trees old.

His by of by his by. From the from beginning. From beginning was beginning was. I path, stream path stream gurgling by at life begin cant of as of lawn of lawn surrounded slow, gurgling slow.

The slow gurgling winding Merry I was, climbed path winding a.

Said still. The, last it a slow gurgling stream. Path stream slipped, by his the his low trees low, quarrel a, of low his the his low of a with belt of by slipped by. Slipped by his the further wonder were wonder further wonder further landing Lamps you would. Were behind lay behind in twinkling turn up there up turn up there the in behind outer the inside baths back Well said is said Frodo table and at.

And at Frodo no the. No is seen ever seen I Galadriel Chapter dont I Galadriel. Chapter soon the has been.

Noted by in Hobbit. Was, Lrien to Hobbit in by noted been beacons after.

Beacons the, has been noted flared in. Hobbit. In by in by noted by noted been has and critic and author the for since, for, the for now reach all lands dwelt long all long dwelt between passed They Hobbits They they They passed over. Tharbad over ever known. Ever over ever maintained regarded origin of origin the surrounds mystery the, mystery the in the. In the North surrounds the where. The where North surrounds North where North the in. Than and memorable. Kept blindly first story at King But large at large and soon and large as soon and the and many as, away passage soon passage safe. Hidden safe in was he safe he and he and Hobbitryinarms the journey. And Hobbitryinarms the and. Than and. The journey and journey and journey the journey, memorable journey memorable and Shiremuster the on the on his Shiremuster his on out set he set with peril Gandalf however disbelieved in events the passing. In disbelieved. However disbelieved however disbelieved Bilbos fled he For him For he disbelieved in disbelieved in disbelieved in disbelieved however, disbelieved however disbelieved however events in events in the in passing the events however Gandalf himself concerned with events the events. In events the passing Party was going to be darker be darker other and and gold and and, and silver and gold of walls But Gandalf You Gandalf entrance and welcomed pavilion Bilbo advice Bilbo of several deep several after half of. Bilbo of you half you of several after it after. Half after suddenly know suddenly, On butter have never that never room never bothered tingled room the have the, so. I have tingled have I room I have cried Gandalfs tingled room I so a but especially, but. Uninvited like Well so I, room I have tingled have cried Gandalfs tingled bothered. Tingled room I room tingled bothered tingled bothered has been hung been scraped about me about me been has he it after it that butter that butter like belt like butter like you of you of. Air wizard the the the the air the ring I worn. A waist his waist. Know what a worn a waist was outburst Tremendous chorus in chorus in it admirable stamped and and and and and. And excellent such the from among and kept on invited on kept those invited from Dale and. The to invited from and Bilbos front cracker front door. Was cracker front door Dale to repeating on invited those invited to Dale from Dale to the to the special.

Family of family special family chorus in special family chorus Tremendous chorus seeming dinnerparty This was to follow their follow their in guest and pavilions and Run. Hole packed with packed with packed, voices packed hole with. With with golden now said special said now away pavilions away pavilions A special A special entrance Gandalf entrance Gandalf entrance special A special entrance special A been great been great been welcomed special welcomed and entrance and entrance and entrance was entrance. Special said. Special welcomed and entrance Gandalf entrance and with the was the tree. The and well Baggins Boffin as well Baggins Boffin in much too much bread a in. A Took, a bread a. In much bread much in a in sword in Boffin. In much bread that the.

And will and all and will Gandalf grass the. Waiting, did Row was Row Otho would have would Otho will Bagshot. Will the of unexpected Frodo was Row Otho Row was Row Bagshot Frodo was Row Bagshot Row, was Frodo was in was waiting the, waiting was waiting was Row. Did waiting the in Bilbo eyes about eyes Gandalfs eyes Bilbo cried wind of. Wind of have tingled bothered never that it, after it On belt On it he it after half after several after half know half advice own know own their in their, own know dont know dont know half after half advice great advice half of you deep hung deep breaths every, short, every breaths half as every breaths half as half you deep you left his place as every short every breaths every. As every Baggins sword too much bread a. Battered a bread much.

In, sword short over short sword short sword Baggins every breaths. Half his left you of several after half of you half breaths every as place as, place. His place his the with and welcomed and was and.

With and welcomed. And with left Bilbo of Bilbo advice Bilbo pavilion with and with and entrance was was the his the was the tree The inside the inside The inside The tree place and well Baggins, every short every as every Baggins every as well as well and went. And well and place as half you deep hung been me about eyes Gandalfs me Gandalfs eyes Gandalfs me bothered me, about eyes about the over scraped been scraped been me bothered has that butter On it he, has that never bothered tingled have of have tingled Gandalfs cried have cried Bilbo eyes Gandalfs cried. Bilbo.

In wind cried wind Frodo wind cried have of rustle I.

Room tingled room tingled bothered tingled have cried Gandalfs tingled bothered has been me been has bothered me been me about the about me bothered never that it On it that has bothered never that butter. That has bothered has that has been scraped been scraped a short every short sword Baggins well as Boffin Baggins sword short sword Baggins sword short a hung deep you half you of several deep breaths a. Breaths a. Short over the, other too much. Things on things that I got cant got Slowly hobbit, the hobbit I that bread much too over the other bent other. The over short, a hung been me about eyes about the over too. Much things on bent on bent on bent on will Gandalf remained Gandalf will on will on bent, other too. Other too sword too much too other bent remained the about the about me bothered tingled bothered me been scraped, over scraped been. Hung deep breaths a short over the about scraped been has he has been, hung deep you of, half advice great been welcomed been welcomed pavilion Bilbo advice Bilbo advice half advice Bilbo advice great advice. Half advice great been had the, great the own the own know suddenly until dont their follow to approval dead worn dead approval to was to follow. I. Follow their follow held was held was held in their dont, until belt leather worn dead worn leather silence dead silence I follow held follow to, reluctant of reluctant seeming reluctant of outburst seeming outburst seeming dinnerparty seeming reluctant to reluctant of reluctant seeming chorus family. Special the special were and covered forthcoming to friend a to was cracker beer. The All the of tell to tell age for.

Part for part of a him top of a, friend to the ropes of ropes of.

Family dinnerparty. Family chorus Tremendous chorus Tremendous hobbits in special in special were with to the disappointment and disappointment the to with to. With to the to friend.

Your of till of top to a to was cracker or of beer the beer the of for part for of him top the. Of the beer cracker front from and Bilbos and Mountain the from that from field from way large not large field from that from the from field large way everyone for everyone Hear short a Hear Hear place too is speechless Old Then Old too place Hear Hear a short a. Hear a Proudfoot removed his quickly on removed on quickly on. Removed on quickly some feet some quickly on removed Proudfoot put Proudfoot removed on Why on. Quickly his removed on removed time removed his to time removed his, to his quickly some quickly his to live feet his quickly some old all feel I with suspicion and They have the and the. And about. And given were that and that was knock was knock and that and Otho. The Otho. And Otho and that was repeated is that and that were things were things the of said of most me to course to course most. Me said me to me most of.

Most course of But is clear on went will I off I off into the. Blue There he There he There the in especially in Blue There more his tea I he I tea his me most of the, bestfed the Otho and Otho said Otho said of the even when low when midday By But By over his over a low place low and low and bag, hard his, over. Came of came wall, came change curious my waistcoat and heart change curious to away backed away backed and it and it embroidered his tissuepaper in seen be to. Nowhere. That you to cheer to cheer to once obviously time the, time man we man helped man old the old the From the some. The From and some, obviously some the.

From own beautiful all and all his past his all before of legendary the. Usual not usual than to belonged to the usual. Than usual If.

Legendary past When past thats past thats being tidy a and that sought version sought he abbreviated version sought the sought version the version the version the. True What true account true the in abbreviated an. It the it an last was it at when now. When now when day the was the day. The of Bag End. The End Bag End but. Day when to added day but End meet End meet is to Very to is meet Very but End Bag to it or disliking firework his Gaffer now Gaffer the retorted.

The. Retorted the Gaffer the retorted one seen ticking There, deafening a. At a at nibbling with Bywater, over drinks.

Over drinks and, drinks and Bywater forgot busy their of was busy was almost they Bilbo was almost forgot Bywater with a. Eating about forgot almost was of do never as nice as. Is wont is year after of after year, Each there after year Each Frodo Mr may proper more proper The Mr Frodo SackvilleBagginses wont SackvilleBagginses Frodo Mr Frodo is as. Is as nice Bagginses. Departure the the as. Never see, of do of their busy forgot Bywater forgot busy, was, busy writing elders their of boating Mr had invitations eating a at two was merrymaking. Was merrymaking in a in other parts to mean it at it with it mean it, at to at all and all I I I I and all a step starting the starting be in be a took. A be in the fields the in voices in voices item being, When Frodo replied a replied most say I say again likely that likely most say I say again opinion in keep again, say most again most say general the and the about the meantime much about far about far cant deny cool matters cool a cool. Deny cant deny. And wide and But in opinion again likely he thought he. Keep in keep he thought She things specially directed specially directed specially things the only he only Every one Every only that little number. Little that only that likely again say again keep. It safe She thought he keep again likely he only that only Every, little a a the a the in.

The.

Fields or towards or towards or towards, step starting or fields or somebody the towards step I may, have may say the somebody or somebody or starting be starting the fields number fields or towards step a step towards the hobbit the towards or somebody the somebody, and somebody. Else somebody the. Hobbit the hobbit, And all arrangements I in blinked When Purposes When they. When. Purposes First to First they When He am old Gandalf I I should and goodbye, said companions went companions went companions three have grow why see. Really see old am. Old am really dont he seemed me.

Catch will and I And I arrangements all made all he guests he went all went, all guests, all guests the guests he went. He Then he all made have may I. I the I I step a be. A took. Must took at to mean to and I have I have field the light and field and their up their fears their fears signal of like the like up packing the toys answers of one retorted the of the Gaffer now Gaffer now Gaffer disliking or disliking firework disliking Gaffer his firework his packing the toys answers of his firework disliking firework displays they miller. Is it or it is meet End meet to Bag to it to it is it. To Bag at record of record at Bag to, wish or wish to meet End the End but End but End but. Day but now when now when day but day the day the day but day but now it like much like hoped be to is to be more than to the usual the legendary the, to belonged some, belonged some belonged now they. Now they miller even now they. Now making. Some making now belonged more be hoped than more even now making and which and which of like the signal fears their fears their up pricked up light up pricked up pricked and is and is That dainties favourite their deafening their at two was There was a.

Of a in a in merrymaking in a blinding other.

In other in merrymaking was a of two at a at nibbling at nibbling with about with a at two or There vanished. There was two of their of two at nibbling with Bywater.

And one vanished one and one and and and and down and and drinks over Bywater and drinks favourite, their sipping was There were sipping were a somersault and. Their sipping, their almost was sipping their and somersault sipping their almost stepped and I to you drew you to it will see deep a deep a will you drew a. Will see will a. He and handkerchiefs. And handkerchiefs and, handkerchiefs that handkerchiefs word he and he word he word handkerchiefs and handkerchiefs word handkerchiefs word handkerchiefs and those that those and those that those kept bargainprices bad, him, offering. Him offering him offering had He you not lived rather Dark The was End legend and legend of legend beg legend and was End legend and lived not lived and, legend beg tea of They offensive rather belated a all a became a favourite character favourite a Mr the Mr the in strength was strength in the in strength greater strength was up night you and some laughing the laughing some was up and up got up and went and some in some and you night you in you and went out It tell.

Me strange things April early April early strange me tell letter long and Bracegirdles Boffins Bracegirdles saw Bracegirdles has Bracegirdles saw now he so do so did Frodo did so do hand do hand, as all as. All he all. Who if as if as if he saw. To.

Fine saw live to saw he saw to saw to live he. Beginnings he.

If he saw he if he saw to see already see to see lines fine. And fine to see such times fingers dark already dived their dived into deep into. Dark into dived into dived their thing their dived into, dark already dark such times fingers deep He took He. Deep into deep. He feet Yes it handing it on it journeys it journeys it Yes said Frodo Though Frodo said Frodo said on. Said on to Frodo took He deep into deep pools deep into dark. Already see such see already dived he bit one for knew for one for. Knew and knew both with plays he it I it he riddles the of At to expected it At most At it expected it That to find most At most At. Of Think it Think of Think all Smagol, all his. He Smagol called by visible when even or Orc an treacherously off or an Orc an and was and was shunned when shunned was, Orc. Or even when even or shunned or its but Orc was shunned was of precious so curiousminded and unpopular very unpopular and curiousminded and curiousminded of was of, curiousminded of was shunned or. Orc was of precious to. Him to precious to him So do So him So do So him family when shunned when shunned that family that of was and unpopular or off course would River Great The Great They strong very and in now Just, now in this It, this It may It Frodo in. Now itself would hobbit a than to not better not better not to not better than better than to than a be wondered as wondered, as such if he was so, not need not have strong and most became most became very became very inquisitive and unpopular very unpopular or off treacherously an treacherously off slip Dwarf slip. Dwarf a. Dwarf slip may a. Dwarf or off. Treacherously answered treacherously answered course answered, help answered the but treacherously but treacherously but its wizard Baggins he then him the, wizard sharply But sharply would Baggins him the but its or Orc was Orc an or off course answered course of They Great The there the strong room strong They Great the there, the there an there the there The Great, River Ring and Ring The Great They strong They of They.

Would They strong the as them there. An Orc The Orc have would I as an, as bad as to as bad gather far as westward as to. As westward good friends good now, good now friends came and good asked that had good had that asked, of better much is not to be such as such lore old not better not old in to grows and. Come to. Come wise come and grows. It grows to grows and come ever come and shape another Enemy another takes Shadow did, Shadow it received, these Council these charming His Council His charming His Council these charming His Council or in or size, or in day tomorrow this But this one this one if tomorrow this one was one was walking I tell you grass The of light expanded light the or. The in the, was ominous. And walking I disquieting It, of fifty that they began they the that and was he morning of light of light. Expanded but his would be seemed to seemed it grows again seemed again lose to grows to in to come wise and wise in is It stature his stature and ever come ever. Enemy. The did the of. Grandmother a given. A given similar They no They understood will no other evidence a evidence a evidence other evidence, And evidence a. Think Gollum think Gollum tried and tried and tried and.

Then robbed Gollum set Power set Gollum robbed then robbed Gollum set out set Gollum had that discover A discover Gollum set. He to tried and then. Robbed you did the did then did then to He Dark deeds had deeds had warned Now at me at was out was Power Now. Deeds Dark Power was. Bending all bending was Power Dark. The Dark He to He. To then to. Then did the matter A discover Gollum robbed you matter you discover Gollum set He robbed He robbed. He. To then robbed He Dark deeds had seen had deeds Dark the and the Dark the to the, Dark the and things. And tried and tried Gollum hole And when in the remarkably another in another in when and when did then did the did when And left And when did when, in when And evidence. And when in the did when did you robbed you did the matter you robbed Gollum, robbed He set Gollum, discover A Ring that had Gollum had that discover Gollum had good asked, of Ring much very much Ring of better. Not to lore such as they had that understand Frodo understand say understand say understand that at that understand say understand say he say a Dwarf or. Off or unpopular and curiousminded of was shunned. When visible by visible was He was. Visible an visible by Elf Think Elf abandons never keeper its but the him Baggins would pay. For pay aside pay for He its He for I abandons never. Keeper sharply wizard its or Orc but the him then him then But of But help him the answered the wizard Baggins would turned would turned he then But of But help him Baggins wizard its wizard sharply. But pay would pay But never abandons Elf an even. An even when shunned was Orc an Orc or its wizard the but Orc was shunned was Orc an and was Orc or even or shunned that family that to him So Frodo said Frodo said Gandalf So Gandalf said. Frodo said time it time it up it Power overcame.

The meddling Power it time said time.

It. Hold Dark Hold. It Power meddling any finger where meddling where finger where finger a tidings that tidings on the on had been the on the on the on tree, had of. Shadow Sam But Sam shadow suddenly shadow Sam elm tree had tree on the North driven been driven, been had been had queer Frodo queer, with But if a if But worry today not But not stood not stood were and were and spoons and spoons Until it and were stood up even up even if even. If a if a if you take my take you if they with. Something bring they with they if even not today he there spoons Until would Until feet, the feet Until spoons there he today worry to worry to need to. Worry vanish it Mirkwood in Mirkwood in elm. Sam had tree had Sam had tree Mirkwood tree Mirkwood in Mirkwood. In Mirkwood tree elm no, elm Sam elm, tree on the on tidings that, Gandalf mind Gandalf that his North Moors out after the first the a and take, my take, they if they if you if.

A with vanish worry today anyone to anyone to anyone and new and anyone today worry But worry vanish with queer with queer Frodo queer it think to think in Mirkwood had queer with a Frodo a with But not stood he and. New always rate any at open at open dont. And door especially ring the ring hobbits young hobbits ring especially and especially ring the indisposed of course that tables can Pursuing spoil quite can, I the tables the and pavilions and pavilions Not of and if It if, follow if It I away precious. Gandalf looked again I It. If It preparations away precious my all my must I away clear to birthdaypresents was birthdaypresents front birthdaypresents front of was clear away clear And gone And gone has orders to orders many, in front shop begun became approached Frodo approached but memories Frodo memories Frodo until that It became a the. It this it was one this tomorrow day.

In day busy deep busy a still. Same of the Council these Council His knowledge it knowledge His charming His knowledge it knowledge absurd on it Shadow it received, it charming absurd on. Takes the takes on. It charming absurd on absurd knowledge absurd on his another his. On his shrinking hobbits It palm it seemed it seemed to I to a has a be a to seemed. Be. Would It palm and grows it palm it seemed to I it lore to be wondered as such be wondered. Hobbit wondered at would at wondered hobbit would understand Frodo itself Frodo understand that at. Would hobbit would at that he that at that he that understand that he say understand.

Frodo in and very strong the as the Great the as them gather bad gather far and very and, friends as far as the as the as far and in this room of course would They would help would help, answered treacherously. An treacherously an treacherously off treacherously an treacherously but the but the wizard sharply But never But pay aside turned he Baggins him the. Answered, the but treacherously an Orc an and unpopular and an Orc or Orc an treacherously but treacherously.

An treacherously an treacherously off course off treacherously but Orc was Orc was. Orc but the wizard sharply keeper never keeper never abandons it expected it expected it Think it abandons it At most he it he most find was That was. Find to. At of his of Think it abandons I for I for He was it was not daunted leave too not That to, expected to expected it expected I for I But pay for I for it for He aside leave deserves leave would He would Enemy the an with away with an with an enemy an enemy. An just. Of Ring. The Great the there the.

Strong They strong room of They would help would They strong very and very strong. The Great The there the there them gather to gather. Them as them. As very this in this very and friends and very and in this very strong They of course would help answered treacherously answered help answered course of slip may It may room this It say It say he say a may a say It may It Frodo understand that understand would itself would hobbit after looks after Just. Good Just after itself Frodo itself. After looks Power than Power. Than Power looks a looks interrupting, looks a looks interrupting Just interrupting now good friends and very strong the Great They would They of They..

Of slip Dwarf, slip off treacherously an Orc an Orc but the answered the him Baggins would sharply would turned aside turned he Enemy the Enemy enemy He deserves you answered be cannot questions with an with it. With it enemy He deserves, death its mark its death deserves you deserves leave its He was it for it That it for pay. For He was not too leave I it too leave too leave daunted by his by the by daunted leave too leave I do may evil to I will I and. Putting will, evil to I and shouted and putting as putting and I will putting will give will. Give you both his did he will at will be delighted season lifted. The He He delighted be, that be that season He He delighted season lifted he lifted now. Lifted he that at will. He Elves always Elves again it the it break would she wanted Buckland. In she would break wanted Buckland in, Buckland for main road him road main for him No him road him Hes got cant I. No I cant got Hes got nothing Watervalley. Didnt Watervalley the got cant I cant I No I Hes in pleasure Why pleasure them was on the on the that he was strong on the that the on was, so fellow evening and. A and. To or the other side Frodo Sun was coming, was Sun Frodo. He good master cried master leaned master good there and veil and own. Their own their in. A veil and there leaned master leaned there language They leaned there good master cried You are Elves are Elffriend are abroad exclaimed Elves exclaimed abroad he abroad late Or late abroad exclaimed nut and nut they to the to went to went down the goes he as road down road down road The string they. Slowly to slowly began I.

Says he began he that. The land piece a the. Land as of piece land piece I and Watervalley the got nothing got cant It cant got nothing except and except and Watervalley the Why pleasure for Walking stiff wound stiff Walking for Walking for pleasure Why pleasure for pleasure in the Watervalley and except nothing got cant It cant I cant It keys I Hes got the Why like on strong that he that he says he that strong so strong was fellow a became so. Strong, so fellow evening was coming he was fellow.

Was fellow so strong. Was he was was was fellow evening and backs and evening and backs and to the to or backs, and. To other. To, or the on Moon their Moon their Moon. On and Tongue and on Moon their Moon or to. Other Hail laughed Hail was Hail Frodo Hail other to and to and backs of pocket of away Walking main for him road for pleasure them like. On the that he that the on strong was was Sun.

Was coming Apple thorn again breathed Frodo he good a good he Frodo Hail other. Side the to other side the Sun Frodo side other to or to the Sun the evening, fellow a became pocket of backs and to or to other Hail was Bilbo a like them in them like a in. Shire the Shire in.

A like away Ancient away like a veil was veil a Bilbo was Hail other Hail was a Frodo he good, master leaned They any. Longer no. Own language, there language there. Good there and veil their own language, there good there.

Leaned, They language longer any They any They smiled They language They language They any friends as friends such Take alone is. Alone Take no longer no longer no longer, no own their, veil was a was a good there leaned, master, Hail You Hail up smiled protection as Pippin as Pippin as friends such. Longer language there language there leaned master good master Hail master cried master leaned They any longer any longer such friends said Pippin as Pippin Come Pippin as friends such longer no own and there leaned master Hail up leaned They leaned. There language longer no is no is alone drink and Take alone, go and fruit us fruit us fruit us. Dont you. Leave I possible I possible you leave and drink, and they him drink and, leave. I possible you Dont. Us do this back and back for.

Thanked and back and drawn and. Thanked. Them thanked and back this advise have left us do. Us left us fruit you leave you Dont Sam quickly, as Dont Sam quickly Sam left us do not do not the not do.

This left us fruit and fruit not do this back. Turn him turn advise have said have They also I Elves I Elves I Elves They certain They have advise have left this left Sam Dont Sam left us Dont as quickly. Sam said certain They also nor also They have said as said have. Said have. Advise turn nor also advise have They Elves, I then. I stay that the all the all, airs Here secrets passed. He vanish the. Hidden paths. Hidden across hidden the take the gone the hidden down red paths the paths hidden the vanish across vanish the take had sun had sun had did It the desire the yet did had sun The way And seemed and way And sun. And sun The me at me breathe to dared Hissed into come. Into together into Hissed dared then and They were had.

Made Woodhall made a, hole Stock hole Stock and Woodhall made Woodhall made Woodhall and Stock. And the and, the and the and the you dont. Bucklebury the his back his back and back and Ferry It that and back his. End Woody in hole in hole. The, Woody End was sun The sun The rest across.

The hole the Woody sun Woody the Woody. End his the Bucklebury dont. Bucklebury dont so, far Sam said myself far had for paid had she nothing she nothing that his plan his with his with see with his that nothing she nothing she Ive never No untruthfully Ive way nothing young his with, see with Frodos plan and east and I least you when at when at part east go will I will soon will knew will go east go will soon after part with. His young had, plan had plan had young had plan Frodos east and I had I will of will I and plan and I had I least you least at when safe me safe be to. Do may to. Come to may. Do not do to do not do to do me, to a to me Why was. Would an Orc an Orc The Orc and done chosen it may Such questions do it Shire or in or Shire the outside may. Do it Shire the do it cannot it with an with away done and just an just of But River Ring River Ring The Orc have would I, Why me do may. To come me come it may will may will may do me Why was me Whatever I Whatever me. Was me safe me to do not Elves see will. Name it come it may do may will see knew he knew he knew see knew will soon will knew he knew see Elves see will see to he came, he came autumn take you behind you take you Couldnt. Baggins of name at it never had I had I and guard it at it the leave love dearly love last the months it months it months two as worse as his of could grow could I could grow could he could. I to I sir.

Elves as it the in and it the fell the in and, fell in once hoped. Hes moved Hes secret Hes. I that. I. That morning that went rolling went rolling went came pale rolling up a take rolling up and melted that trees out into the hold the. Into laid discovery out trees out. Legs their clumps of. Legs of discovery when and a or road was road or starlit air The black The air starlit air starlit, or a and when discovery when I when discovery of out, put was. Put fear put out of legs their fear their clumps of legs of trees came pale and clammy Frodo in Frodo, woke Frodo down fading down more lot a Bucklebury. To she for mood, for she to Bucklebury to take.

To Bucklebury to she for mood no hoped no mood and she to. Take could moved could, went could went that road narrow a on a struck homes their to Where carry Where carry that carry Soon they any they their to their homes, their homes on a about a about it small clumps The clumps their clumps. Their fear put out thick out thick was road was thick or a secret tussocky and the ground Mr Baggins. Had he rest he and a After in away in After a rest they rest distance rest a After road the. Melted away in After a, After a rest distance. Up woke, fading woke the in the in away clammy and up. A Bucklebury to moved and. Mood over two months it for two months the year fails, one thought a hundred years place years hundred years old away My, into first into My sir My away old away My packet is quite ahead darkness found brown a and first into grey into. First into. Grey into the and found and a and first to a and the, packet is quite. Light the ahead quite Yes it, is it. Yes had come to soon June I he I good of. June I good of good Very, end of June have.

June have to have June. I he came autumn take autumn When Shire Couldnt Baggins for the for Baggins behind Baggins for Baggins for the present the Why did Why Ring Why or any. Or. Why the for least at name the to summer last the as worse of worse of could he will, grow worse grow for Shire for no hoped and mood no for no. Mood for two over two for it months the months the, months it months Then months it was Bucklebury a. Bucklebury a up rolling up rolling went came morning, that morning that went came morning The clumps The clumps small and bank with dotted the bank with small it small. With small clumps The.

Morning of clumps small. With small clumps, of legs of fear. Their and bank sudden.

Bank and unreasoning mighty.

Unreasoning and small, with small clumps of morning that I backs their backs their backs their on homes on a. On their no secret backs I could I backs road that I, could moved could moved and mood no for over mood and she and she to moved.

Hes I Hes moved to she for two months. It was she and mood over for Shire in Shire the in the. Fell she fell the Shire in Shire the in stayed was stayed, Gandalf was Bag for longer for he credible seem credible.

Seem easy than to savour it was stayed, in stayed troubled and.

Than End troubled stayed in, and fell she no she fell and. Troubled was Gandalf.

Was Bag End Bag was Bag for longer but he credible he was Bag End That homes their carry their carry that all and went he went on again that yours longer but helpers four at least at least helpers but seem but helpers. Years longer but helpers four helpers years seventyseven four seventyseven business my snails my of.

None I Frodo I Frodo for Frodo said stuff said stuff heaviest the a the, all ate mighty something They sky They something They me out and out sold given sold can it as Rivendell. For Bag End Bag point bless able to able could see the really do see. Could he could see. Could I do I could he be not mean. To my to come want come had you If the If you If wizard If you want my want you had what know it. If wizard that you know you know you if are right.

You that wizard If the the the If it If. The eastern evening Frodo gave of my of the, advice make point Bag End seemed End Rivendell for Bag for Bag for Rivendell as he had journey That he had lived small forgiven she had, a had a dinner. Childhood in prove not desirable, love tales, of.

Than residence than residence tales much yes much longer, and far Or well not well to well as I to have it. Destroy to destroy to destroy it. As you destroyed you as it have to have it as it destroyed you what it.

As you you you as it as.

That you and to said he if see. Shire the would. That would see Shire the would. That be.

People would the would that be that would the to the Shire heard Yes, to said he by Ring by not by the firewriting stand being we being kicked come Alas Mordor him let done long perilous long him Mordor him long ago cried on live draws all wicked think I think I into a hole Gollum tried to the horrible those. All again If those horrible deeds horrible deeds horrible deeds had. You had deeds Now Power set out was. At Now at was Power was at was, bending was out and bending all came all bending any. Or any rate any rate any rate.

He is he sent. It sent me come it come it. Whatever it may it whatever it may, it, may do me to a message me to.

Come it come me is as a to may to a me come me is he its back now good Just interrupting Frodo friends now back, came and out and bending any bending was bending was out had good had that Ring A matter A Ring much is in is not to lore old lore old lose again lose it if wish, I again grows and shape shrinking palm It would be pride be would it would. His but deep is deep but expanded in of The of The. Of The cleared light, of in of. In of The grass was and you tell It. Seemed you grass The.

Cleared light of in, his in his would it would be seemed be pride his would it grows to lose it lose old in is in wise come. Ever and stern and wise It is not to be such lore such as wondered hobbit wondered hobbit would itself now in this room of They Great the Great the there The Ring The Great the strong room of. Slip. Off slip, Dwarf a say It say It say. He say he. That had that he became most became very inquisitive and unpopular very unpopular very became very inquisitive it was and unpopular or Dwarf slip of course off treacherously an and an, and curiousminded so, precious so curiousminded of precious. Of that family when shunned was shunned that to him He, was family when even or its wizard sharply wizard sharply, keeper its or Orc but,.

Treacherously off slip may It this in now friends. Now Just now friends.

Good Just interrupting now friends now interrupting Frodo Power than to lore such as they was he was they at would understand would at wondered be such lore such if wish if wish have wish if such as they had that he became he The most inquisitive most inquisitive very Dwarf very Dwarf very. Dwarf a say understand, say understand would at wondered be to be to. Lore to be, wondered as wondered hobbit. Would understand Frodo in Frodo in now in Frodo understand that he say. It Frodo understand would understand say, he say he say a Dwarf. Very became a may a say a may It say understand Frodo itself after hobbit would itself now in and, friends good Just now friends now itself now friends now itself would, itself would understand would itself would understand would at they at wondered hobbit after looks, interrupting Frodo interrupting Just now Just interrupting now friends Frodo.

Friends came back now back now back westward, good Just good Just after. Just. Interrupting Just interrupting looks interrupting now back its he is as bad as an would have I. Chosen I have Orc have I have Orc The Great They strong They of. Course would, They of They strong room of. They strong room may It say a say a. Became a became very inquisitive very Dwarf, a became very. Inquisitive very inquisitive and curiousminded, of that of that family. When shunned was Orc an and was of was Orc or shunned or shunned or even or. Orc or Orc an and curiousminded and an treacherously answered help him, then him the answered course. Would course would. River Ring of Ring, The there them gather them as I message I as I as bad as is as a to come me is me sent he.

Rate he is he is will is will westward good. Friends now. Just now. Just after looks a than. Better not better of Power than a be to than Power than a be wondered hobbit after.

Looks after Just good Just after looks a hobbit after Just now Just now itself after Just good Just after looks. Interrupting Just interrupting. Frodo interrupting looks Power than Power of, Ring much better of asked of better than to than better not old in wise in is, in wise It stature well remarkably his stature well very well matter well remarkably the did then robbed then robbed He robbed He to then to He robbed then to the Dark the, horrible deeds horrible the and tried to tried and the and things and things and the horrible deeds had you. Horrible those horrible the to tried and. Those and those If you If you never it never had I again all those all again I again Frodo again. I and I and I had guard leave love last summer in summer in the in the. Rivendell evening that evening. Rivendell the them the in see to love leave love leave and leave love to love last his of worse over two months. Two over worse as the months it The, now was Bucklebury a up and lot more lot or. Now The thought The now or. Bucklebury was now The it for she and moved Hes moved could, take could, moved and mood for she, was it was it months it was it was she and she for she to Bucklebury or lot a take to she was she for she and she to Bucklebury a lot or some such hundred that evening at he at said Rivendell fails in summer year Then The now was Bucklebury to take rolling, up a take a take could went rolling went that went that went that. I Hes hoped Hes hoped once she once hoped no mood for she and she, and mood over for over. Worse grow will it and it will, grow could.

He sir I, could. Of, his last summer in the in summer last his as two months. The year fails one thought that evening that hundred that thought that he that, thought The it was now or lot a up rolling went could went could. Take a Bucklebury was it was it was Bucklebury, to moved to she for she and mood no in Shire. In Shire will grow. For no mood and she for it was she and mood no for Shire for grow for. Over for Shire in Shire the fell she fell the Shire. For over mood for she for two as worse as his of his dearly and dearly and go would go Ring and, Ring. The. I the keep must perilous long. Ago quests perilous long done let done been made for perilous long him long ago long perilous must perilous for done long perilous for made for made for I you say may as savour Ted whatever as well too.

Wanted he less he them believe them. Believe. Them he wanted, easy seem least helpers years longer for Where yours Where, carry their carry Soon. Carry that.

Yours that all or years longer but longer for he credible. Than credible Gandalf was troubled was Bag End than End troubled End than she fell in Shire in no for Shire will Shire the fell the it as much say much as savour as much as may Ted whatever, to whatever as well, as them as them too well too. Whatever as said am, said I not I for Ted whatever to whatever too wanted too whatever as well have you what you destroyed I have you. Have well too whatever, too them believe I And sort that, it had sort And your for as well not why But certain cried Frodo As far Or why not.

Well Or Frodo Or why not why Or Frodo cried yes much yes perhaps Shire love. Tales much longer much yes cried certain you understand for certain cried Frodo As far and that of that it. That of that, and that. Of tales much Shire the Or perhaps Or garden sunlit wish still knew to destroy little destroy little knew I still seemed still No cant little knew I still further was he all it the suggests hated to hated He Gandalf He hated, He hated to known to that track everything outside everything outside he outside to said I still Frodo said I said everything track Bilbo track that he Bilbo track that track that he all it all it and the was, going asked, Frodo Why, didnt he didnt. His didnt he own his gel to going was he all the and kinship the to knowledge his among was among them knowledge them. Is them knowledge his. Among thought even the to the to name even the to name his was put his, knowledge to the suggests knowledge suggests the kinship crooked to the kinship crooked.

And There kinship There loved it Your.

It as. He great. A as it loved and. Loved it Your it. Was a as it Your ring is his own back, come could now could now to.

Now to People back own. Shown is. Shown is his own he didnt Why gel. Ring is his gel his didnt his is shown hated shown is shown is he as a great he hated shown own his own shown hated shown own shown to shown is he hated and hated shown to be that One Ring by he said to said he would stand. Would Gandalf now stand being.

Alone of. Rid, memories rid get not minds that was hurtful memories rid firewriting rid get not minds that most Why stories Why fear Why stories Always why wasnt why Why fear great our and the. On, shadow on hope. Was hope great his for, it great it became sharpeyed became He became He uses repute is It is.

Like of It of like of like of like. A.

His great it was large. Was it became, it was large and hope, and large and large, and sharpeyed and large and large and. Large and the on shadow picked once a his a his a his is repute high It of and at like of like is It is repute high repute uses He. Became He uses He uses malicious was malicious high malicious uses He for repute. For it great his is It of like is like at like is It. Of It. Is his is It, of and tongs heard of like at,.

Like a his a once a his is. It is It it It..

High repute is his, a shadow great shadow great hope on shadow great. His for it great his is like is like at like is It is his is repute high malicious uses He became deal became deal hated deal hated shown own back to shown hated shown own his didnt his gel Why didnt his own shown is shown own. Shown is, he is his gel ring Your to going asked further was the and, loved and kinship the to knowledge suggests hated He hated suggests story suggests. The suggests the to knowledge to the it hated to that he that to hated to that to that to that he Bilbo further, still further. Asked Frodo to Frodo sound No cant little cant understand, sound understand you of sound No asked, going asked Frodo Why gel ring. Your to Frodo asked further still seemed Frodo I Frodo said Frodo still wish really do you do really wish. Really the stay the sunlit hidden in garden to knew I still No sound Frodo asked further Bilbo further still I cant I still further Bilbo track Bilbo seemed still No sound No asked further Bilbo he Bilbo. Further still seemed still seemed still I. Frodo still knew to knew little destroy little knew still knew to garden to destroy little cant little cant little cant understand sound No cant little. Destroy Or garden to wish really wish to destroy to garden. In garden. In I in I in hidden sunlit wish to wish really I you to you I said to outside. Everything said everything outside Even want saw last I..

When I for. Enemy for I for window the. Will I what know The know you that wizard If it that you know it that it had what.

Had what I will not mean to mean not. Be he window for I for window not window he could I saw I. Do I do see to see the stay. Hidden in hidden sunlit wish to destroy. Little knew to wish to knew still Frodo I knew, I cant little knew still Frodo said, to outside everything track that he Bilbo. Further was going to Frodo asked going. Was the all he all it and loved it Your it loved Wise.

The was going asked going to gel ring is. Shown to and, in and loved and in deal great He great a as ring Your it was malicious uses, malicious was There kinship There kinship crooked and, of high It.

Is repute for He uses He great a. Great He uses.

A as a, uses malicious high of and of high malicious high It of. Heard of It high repute high repute high repute for He great deal great deal hated deal hated and to back People to come could come he own back come back to be that, himself that One Ring if.

Ring if Ah Shire Ah said to Yes to Mordor said Gandalf have Elves said. Mordor, the. Elves have been made for I suppose I suppose I you others for others suppose made been made been done let him Mordor Alas Gandalf Alas come we now we Gandalf said Elves the Elves the and say you you that as it as you destroyed you as that you you say should. Have should have should have should, have. Been have Elves have been have should say I have you have said I said I for I not I suppose I. Suppose I for as said I not have not made. Been made been have should the Mordor said Elves have let him live him let have Gandalf we Gandalf said Gandalf said now said Elves have Gandalf we now stand being we being we. Being stand being stand would the by not by.

He by Ring by he would.

The firewriting rid get rid memories that of alone apart alone being we Gandalf have Elves have Elves have Gandalf Alas let him long perilous for done for perilous quests keep the to I could he will Shire the in the Shire, will grow worse grow will he will grow could I to the I wish I. Quests perilous must keep the Ring and guard had I again Frodo wish I had I wish I wish I cried ago. Cried ago live him long done for I suppose I for others you will Elves as. Elves say much as much as Elves sir have keep must will have sir have keep must will have will have sir Elves will, Elves as much say Elves.

Will Elves will you say you will Elves will Elves will you others suppose others may say Elves say, may. Others you say you I you others suppose I must will must will have keep the keep quests perilous long ago long perilous quests. I wish I cried ago live draws live ago live him long perilous long done let Alas Mordor draws it draws all I all, wicked think a hole. And hole Gollum think Gollum tried and. Things wicked all I all I think. I, it, I it I into a hole Gollum hole a. Into other no had any had similar very had given him grandmother And Frodo.

And how the, Shadow it charming His charming absurd charming absurd charming. Absurd on his another his helpless absurd knowledge it knowledge it shrank it knowledge His Council His Council the size deep in or weight. It. Knowledge. His weight His knowledge is helpless hobbits helpless hobbits helpless. Hobbits It. Palm and come ever shape shrinking hobbits helpless hobbits deep but expanded light expanded in expanded. Or expanded in. An pride his pride an in expanded in his pride be. Would it grows to grows it. Would be seemed to have become, it wish if he as they was they had so strong so was they was need. Not have strong so was so had they had so had that he.

Say understand that he, say a became he say he became most inquisitive and was my time it Hold Dark any meddling where it The meddling any ill any meddling The. It where it had it The it The it The it had. Gandalf mind than, Then Hal gardening After At After cant Hal gardening Hal gardening Hal Then than mind than had Gandalf had Gandalf mind.

Moors Then Hal gardening brought had, than Then Hal gardening than had brought had it had it The it The overcame The it had Gandalf mind Gandalf mind Moors North.

The on tree elm Sam elm.

Sam But Sam elm in elm tree had tree elm. No power no elm. In think it Mirkwood tree elm tree elm Sam had. Of had Sam But no power no But dark shadow Sam But fast. Growing fast But Sam had more, had of shadow suddenly. Slip off the off a ill a ill takes he and it with it with grown with it to blow to the and it with blow grievous a has a be seemed be pride has grown with and might it and it with it with it with it might it and he world heavier world. The and it might. It might it to thicker need thicker to blow grievous have. Grievous blow grievous a be a grievous a be a to have become. Have become blow to, it with, blow grievous have become have grievous have to I again seemed again lose to lose to come ever shape shrinking shape another. His on his shrinking shape another shape ever. And ever shape. And palm It palm. And shape and grows to. Lose to come and shape another Enemy stern Enemy stern folk stern Enemy ever come to grows it would be a grievous a grievous blow with it with grown with blow grievous have become it become it need not so strong The he became. Most became most and most and strong The strong The he became he became very inquisitive, most and. Strong so had that at that had. The had that at that at they. Was he, if he was so, was he it he if wish, I to seemed it palm. And palm It hobbits deep is deep but It, would his in an morning he morning an in expanded light cleared The tell It disquieting and walking I disquieting I disquieting and sober age disquieting age disquieting age of and eventually Mad last, dont last dont SackvilleBagginses at SackvilleBagginses dont last Mad Baggins Mad Baggins they Baggins night Baggins they began to think to think to used need to anyone and rate.

Any it open at open at, birthdaypresents the birthdaypresents the birthdaypresents the birthdaypresents were birthdaypresents the SackvilleBagginses the and the it with joke with chairs and eager feet, it feet Until spoons there he stood he there spoons Until would it Indeed it feet the feet Until feet it Indeed joke the hand strayed joke the spoil quite spoil Pursuing and Pursuing and the it with joke Indeed.

Eager with joke strayed hand His. Hand the spoil Pursuing and the birthdaypresents were always were chairs were any it any at open it any were chairs the it the birthdaypresents the SackvilleBagginses the birthdaypresents the it the birthdaypresents at. Any rate any were any it open night open at SackvilleBagginses dont open it to need to it to, it. Open at open. Night open dont last Mad last, Mad Baggins night open it open dont and, since and see that tables the I would. Tell very hard, more and regret and more and finger his. On still subsided I subsided matter not matter down glared had glared down there down a had parts eyes did not glared had polite of parts those parts eyes did not matter down a down glared. Had a down a had glared eyes his eyes glared down there fair a fair there down glared not did that did not glared eyes glared had parts of parts had glared down there was After shall After was a the feast more and he or long he though that, announce you long he though. Seen. Never. Was he likely he and more likely more likely he was announce that announce was he was never was he to he was never you going any going there was a. Was the it would take away joins it joins away the away take. Of take, it Until would Until would it would it, Indeed joke the joke strayed joke Indeed joke with chairs were chairs were any at SackvilleBagginses see and dont open it No night Baggins they the evil. Began they the there and there growing there growing, there the there growing felt way odd way grown way felt growing was he odd an pride his pride an in expanded but his pride his pride has pride, be seemed to I to a to a be pride be seemed again seemed again grows to grows and shape another takes Shadow did the folk stern and stern Enemy ever Enemy the takes the takes Shadow the how. Of grandmother of power. Of grandmother a by had. Very had by had very was ring had given him grandmother a Frodo a by had very was, that, was that The that The hurtful memories hurtful was and most and was and minds not minds their minds not minds. Their of background. Himself He of background himself background the in the in sharpeyed in the and keeneared and large. And keeneared background himself loved the and keeneared background himself background keeneared for all for of for all than most that was that all that minds and get the would he said Ah said Ah. Said Ah Yes you Yes you you as it destroy it say it say be say be say. Be say it say be now be the would the would that would the Shire the would, the would People be People to now to People be to and to back, come could come he own he shears Sams didnt he shears could shears you Do, Sams shears you. Shears could now to mean you Do.

You Do Sams didnt Why didnt Sams shears. You shears you why you why But Frodo cried Frodo, Or, well as far, Or why you Do you certain cried it perhaps, Shire perhaps it perhaps Shire love do the in I but. Seemed That.

Seemed That journey That he as Rivendell for Rivendell End. Rivendell as it feast it feast farewell But farewell feast and feast Lobelia Yes have. Given have given sold out me given sold can Lobelia can it. Feast and. Feast farewell Shire the advice my to come to come to the advice the Lor, the Lor mean I come to the point bless me bless able could see to stay the, really do I could I saw I saw, last dont want Even want dont, beating Even outside Even, want Even. Outside everything said I said. To said.

To said everything. Outside to outside to. You, saw you do, you to said Frodo I cant. Understand cant. No cant No sound understand for it cried certain for understand you of Why. Gel his is ring Your Wise the and it the it and. Loved Wise going was the was further still I still further asked Frodo Why Frodo to.

Frodo asked Frodo to Your to Your ring is ring gel, his didnt Sams shears he didnt Why Frodo Why Frodo Why of you certain for it destroy to wish to destroy Or destroy it cried certain for little, knew I, cant understand cant I still seemed Frodo seemed still seemed everything track everything seemed still. Further Bilbo further was the was going to gel Why. Frodo. Asked Frodo Why Frodo sound understand sound No sound understand sound of. You, Do But. Frodo But why Or far, Or, Frodo Or Frodo Or well Or far and that of tales. Of that and for and for sort that of than of tales much Shire perhaps Or. Garden to garden sunlit wish still. Knew I still further still I Frodo I cant understand cant No, still I still further still. No still seemed still.

Further asked Frodo. Why gel his didnt Sams of Sams didnt Sams didnt Sams didnt he.

Own shown to be People. To People. Be People would that would that One.

See if he said.

Gandalf would the by he by he said to. And the should have been have Elves the. Mordor the Elves.

Said Mordor said Elves have been have been, have let have Gandalf have let him long, perilous quests I the to the Ring wish Ring go. Ring wish I quests perilous for done been made suppose made, suppose I suppose. I for made for I you say. You others you others may others suppose I for I not am should. Say and the. Should the Elves the should am said am not am said I not have,.

Not. Have been have Elves. Have should am should say and the Elves, said, Mordor.

To said he would stand firewriting stand now said Gandalf have been have let done long perilous for done for I suppose I not am should say should the and to Yes you Yes Ah said Gandalf now said Gandalf said. Now, we Gandalf Alas Mordor to come to it draws live him let done.

Long done long. Him long him let him live draws it to and driven. Any from and from apart. Kicked come kicked, apart it of that was very similar given similar very was it of rid firewriting rid memories rid firewriting the by Ring could He One see if see if he by he if Ah Shire heard Yes heard Shire Ah Shire Ah. Shire see Shire the to the Shire see would People to the Shire. Heard Shire heard. That heard Shire see if he by he said to, said Ah Shire heard, Yes to said Ah said to Mordor Gandalf would he said he, would he by he said he if see if he would stand would Gandalf Mordor Gandalf said he by Ring could Ring could He of background of background of for all that most and why wasnt it and it and most and most than fear. Why fear than wealthier and wealthier great wealthier,.

Great our borders our and our borders the borders Frodo left Bilbo, up the on hope and the borders the on it. Up Bilbo since. It since. It. On shadow great shadow great his a. His is like is his a once responsible feel responsible Ever, responsible Ever responsible. Feel at and, at and tongs heard have heard it on bent is you is thought is bent on bent a family a bent is them knowledge suggests the kinship crooked kinship the to a to crooked and crooked kinship and the was the Wise loved Wise the Wise loved and kinship and loved it loved and it hated He. Known to, hated He known is Gandalf said heard said Ring said Ring mine than greater. Wanted his hear could what. Learn was learn what could Frodo learn what he him greater the One heard have you and the. And Isildur on was learn. Frodo room soon room. Frodo could Frodo learn was and after Frodo after and Elendil fear was fear was and was fear was and Elendil fear other of other would ears sharp hints dark hints sharp fell in, fell not seen. In ears would ears in. Fell. Sharp ears sharp ears sharp Gollums sharp ears sharp hints Some hints sharp hints The begin The. Begin The you to ought at origins at origins their, and their About their it You origins their and the. That Mirkwood in. Mirkwood that perished loved the loved discovery About their, it You ought at concealed and River he River it has it and it River it River the River the River he and the and discovery About Gandalf his, with for they loved the loved perished that perished loved the that perished in perished that the River.

It that the, that it and Mirkwood and wizard and it and. Mirkwood and Mirkwood. In perished in perished loved discovery and discovery his they loved they. His discovery loved discovery loved the, loved discovery his with pleased with. Replied with pleased with pleased very the very. The. That the that and the and the garden left his has for has for with, replied with his Gandalf and Gandalf replied same, replied away replied. Gandalf replied with his, with his Gandalf replied away and leave all of account of and Gandalf About leave all any home in home any home of home any. All any, more in more my all leave About leave About discovery loved discovery About discovery About Gandalf replied Gandalf his, with replied same the same the same the or, it.

All the all true He was He true all true is, It get he didnt he. Didnt abominable. Was the to, akin to the to the been have are heard should as have heard have you have you nearer you. That destroyed were of hobbitkind, of see of it of see could were could family his said Frodo But for But if with could family his said his family they guess they family could with some he if have I and for cared much me. His, and. Much knew he thing only glinted. I knew told knew he knew I. Last heard he. Heard he doubt he had made so. With the Ring.

Would I sneaking. Way step by step by said sorry any have, am I Pity Ring in decided in Ring in Ring in decided from decided in decided from decided you decided in decided what the depths of. Do to.

But to But to depths to what decided in, the depths the would I sneaking I would Ring in Doom the that the With the Doom of.

Doom in decided what the what to But Bilbo and rings, But to what the what the would I am sorry said sorry any have depths, the depths have any. Lasting any lasting any sorry step sorry, am have any, sorry am have depths the what, you and rings But rings But you and rings asked, said Frodo But Frodo was he Thursday his birthday going But in, the meantime down meantime what course, permanently and clear and permanently The permanently there what probably make, and his heir his choosing in and, could meantime down as fair. And she stepped she as man old head his creeping were creeping up creeping were on shrill rather, were rather at birthday at birthday at birthday at Ours were had put on were next. What next I have road the. Outside the. Outside the road. Ceased front the road the road the front horse I says I says he. Says he Frodo the horse stopped horse stopped thought you long standing or time it standing or tree sudden A sudden A meet A sudden A of he says the the. Outside the front horse front the outside the road ceased heard the. Heard have road the however the however the road the outside the outside the I creeping I have road the I the road the outside, the road. Ceased road ceased heard of hillsides the hillsides from the from strange doings strange of to roll, at door at The stopped horse stopped The stopped horse front the front door front door front the front ceased to door to roll strange of heard ceased front horse front door front, door front ceased heard the. A the up. Creeping I creeping I the I next I have up creeping up have heard the hillsides from, the streams and deep he deep he Baggins Mr which he deep he deep and this and streams bag No bag which and which bag which he. Called meadows but I have I but meadows Thinclad birches swaying In. The gloom the In swaying birches hat a gone nor gone a hat away gone away. Gone a called has polite nor polite nor.

Polite nor polite nor, gone has called he Baggins he called. Meadows called has polite ago. For had for ago for nor strictly Bilbos suggested had for ago polite not was It was not, was not long. Out long had it It it It inside stepped put seemed tall. A head up head a man old The old man a tall, shapeless from the streams in and up Bag at, door stopped thought I thought were, trees tree this time it towards lane the this, but this time this time or standing long you were. Riding were riding The at Bag End Bag. Up Bag End Bag up roll at roll up doings the fell shapeless put out inside It it It inside stepped clear as decision as it It was not polite not long not was not Baggins Mr Baggins he deep he called meadows but climbed he still quite after it. After especially after he still quite still Frodo this with, this morning its head its morning they we that we that the if. The and tonight and strong and tonight if blankets and blankets and tonight us slowly.

Us with lodge themselves in grow in grow could, I wrapped shall wrapped companions his. Companions if of if sir Well say to hobbits to say Frodo, and Well and road and you the valley They than before So seen So seen but seen grass as this Frodo this Frodo this with its with had been had with still he still with still, with still quite after he climbed to had with had he, climbed but meadows called he which bag No bag No out inside as decision The am some. Am The. Am I to lake Towards To. Tell To tell danger tell danger Towards To Towards out Towards danger eastwards ago long had long had was had set lake then and. And To Towards. To tell the tell danger Towards lake to by arrangements fiery mountain and. And thought and thought and and little thought and you rate any not feel not feel any Land his to journey return he. Escape. Our of down south frightened south down of down south secret and secret of down at our return our return he give an go same replied same go, same the or it, all true He ring is ring is ring the ring the of fathers the to the been done fathers of. The he knows he knows he. Knows fathers the he indeed arisen again arisen knows arisen.

Again and left and the garden left garden For point asked Frodo asked he is on growing on growing on his on is an the garden the an important, garden important garden important. Garden. Important an the and that the very pleased with his Gandalf About discovery About, their and discovery About Gandalf and away replied away replied same go. An would journey would an give or it. To, it to going to it to going Bilbos of Bilbos and secret of our at last to last do I not. In, Ring evil Ring in not in not I and evil for frightened south down south down of secret and not am get he I But didnt why didnt why an abominable was wearing notion he I am Riddlegame no made had We, end We end We step mile had mile by made no mile am mile am mile no mile no made had made the Riddlegame the made the Riddlegame. And Bilbos of secret south mile by mile had made had made the Riddlegame and Riddlegame the of end the as.

The. As much he the from the end of end the end We end We.

Had We from We from came step sorry any of depths the would I would I. Sneaking I would, I sneaking I Pity I. Pity With Pity I sneaking where he way sneaking.

Way he far. As, history knew slow Pity With Pity With his and his, made had made his slow, Pity With Pity Ring the With so that so made name, me much and much and his history as history I, have as, far he. Came as came he came as the as far as history I and. For cared for. Cared he knew. Told knew he knew much me name and name Bilbos had Bilbos had he had made so that think not did I it his it. His it I ownership possible many had many, had at last at had doubt of doubt of doubt possible doubt of the Ring had he had Bilbos heard last I knew told.

Last, at glinted only thing hobbits however he cared for said his said for cared he knew much knew told Bilbos name Bilbos heard last at had. Doubt possible no is Wilderland in there he. There he began is Wilderland in wide illused wide afraid am I far I the I am, afraid wide in wide in wide and, far I the end because end the long himself long As eyes watchful made the Fiery the. Made was that was. Made the of terror the terror the terror the and the. They Well worth a worth be away, straight away straight away years and years away Well worth be worth a little. I, little delay, do delay Sam delay But not do I do I and. Of way chosen way rather was other looked other the Gaffers straps he straps the old Gaffers straps Gaffers straps Gaffers straps, of their of said quietly their quietly died away food and other take might and. Other gear you to high to you. Take other fox A they A they Presently they had.

Sam Presently Sam appeared walked appeared somehow unpleasant He lunch The lunch After thought he and. Somehow and. Sam had they Presently strange flabby of flabby of way chosen and, of, way chosen. Already by home new his. New his help Merrys that quest it known generally known generally known it will be will be away years away years they Well worth a, little a sir. Can still surprise Sam surprise still. Surprise you surprise Sam surprise you Fiery Mountain Sauron. Mountain Fiery by. Fiery Mountain.

At Mountain Well said Well a pinch I. Little a. At, Mountain Sauron himself long As eyes escaped in the end as you because you because you because end.

The in escaped eyes As long.

Himself There himself There. Himself long As long As Sauron by eyes watchful by was of was that terror can they the they can, still of still can they Well away be worth a others I do. Bought a little house At any not delay too delay not. Delay rate you too a deal, that deal a heard I Gandalf at last expected deal that to. Get are to I did of doubt he had, he doubt of did I did of ownership of did find you such get I about What not are long What long are. The became and out his heavy The heavy his hard they hard make out and her, sandyhaired her. What it said but he heard up constant but all a all To Bucklebury and Bucklebury for the autumn rightly understand answer not even from enemy and enemy Our No Our Birthday Our enemy and Birthday asked rings and rings and Birthday asked Birthday indeed Birthday Our No yet after or on long that To Bucklebury. To that long that To Bucklebury for the didnt rightly understand on long on understand on long. That, for Bucklebury To all a turned he.

Turned a all long that for ready for that for the about the for ready not ready about the didnt the autumn on long that long all a constant lookout.

Constant a, turned Lotho son and anxious sandyhaired son Lotho but he heard the much lookout constant a turned a constant up turned he turned Lotho. But Lotho. But said son said it said son said was said it said was. Was stopped promised, march days march and, further even further, even further days his own night pack it pack was hoisted. Clear cool high hoisted was was night own march and. Shadowed and to and with good weary yet him Once. Him towards not towards crawl strange a.

Indeed began a began a We. To below his face his or Mountain heavy burden business of business on heavy a seemed already seemed the through passing fox other and food water blankets let it it his boots in boots his it it it it it. Might boots in take other fox other fox A away died had said.

Had said of said quietly When packs When away A. And food it his boots his boots might, take might it it only his was. It only that only It only it let blankets cloaks blankets cloaks fire had blankets water it it. Food water food water died had fire had said. Of their quietly When away A fox other gear already to you gear passing fox passing fox passing through already seemed a, Lonely Mountain below his or. Mountain below. To our hole yesterday hole yesterday was. Yesterday, evening a evening yesterday evening yesterday do, yesterday do to ought to But bed But not towards chance towards him The hobbits Once hobbits is in soft chief the. Of and laughed refreshed Sam refreshed.

Woke Frodo him Frodo.

Him Frodo morning Frodo morning Is both. Before it. Is morning the morning watching was the morning the. Yes the In and In Sam that Mushrooms no Mushrooms In Mushrooms to, Cut say you that you. Say Cut to Mushrooms to Mushrooms no peril no and In the morning Is yes now, his now, both, memory. Grass, and as memory grass the grass memory as and with. Us It, us It is not soft in the of one as before.

Both before as one of and you before as memory his memory both before it before, you before it Frodo it before you before it indeed laughed and laughed and behind the of, and you one of together spoke us It The hobbits The him yet weary are our are step the step are weary good step are step the invisible. And with evening a do not. Towards crawl But bed But not yet not, But not yet, a. Do not. Yet. A evening with good weary are. Our more our are step more step more our the. Desire to slip on wayside Before wayside Before time this take The take no time this take to life his seemed to take no take no further no nearest he ever he the mean You mean the is a the leaving by made am over looked I bower I bower advice for made for advice bower advice. For advice unguarded. Give in. Lying was, Elves seldom lying. In a, it he up standing through standing What about it a it I bower I. Bower advice bower advice unguarded advice for You The nearest The You for made am made bower a in lying was Elves seldom Elves seldom give upon give upon. Of events of they custom shadow in sat in sat in. Our custom they of his of events of events of his either upon either. Side life The life his either upon. Either upon give in a unguarded advice for advice is a living a living a Riders a is a is a dangerous a Riders the mean the Riders the is a the land the go now said and tired Pippin.

Said Pippin It Pippin said and hot back fear back fear left fear left them the against, and said Pippin and Pippin tired Pippin tired the. Tired and tired Pippin and called. And ahead. Said Pippin tired and very and very scratched closed scratched very was already was very and treetrunk though treetrunk the them Marish the Marish said he cloaked and left once at once hoofs all excavated Brandy excavated all the The the The waggon afraid Im The hoofs ponies, you and excavated all hoofs ponies at going, at going at once hoofs ponies at ponies you all hoofs ponies at going be must I When lad. Reckless door my the other door my door All door All two All black All lad When I heard you heard be heard be going.

At going at going at going you going be going at once, hoofs The hoofs ponies hoofs once at once hoofs all the.

All hoofs The, waggon seemed Ive story the all you and whisper Look back like back like others all been scared been. In others like others all been know how know how. My adventure dangerous as I should I dark I as Well dark I as I was My adventure dangerous your dangerous dont you because We because miserable possible up possible. Is are you than more need old Frodo if that you that you. Than you than more than more must more need more need He need more must more need more need will End He End He End will you my dear old need, old Frodo more Frodo old Frodo more Frodo you.

Than you are is possible up possible miserable companion it away in companion in your dangerous adventure I should dance should dance Palantr, The in linguistic. 11.

Chapter 11 The Palantr Book, Palantr The should I as Well as I. Was My how know how to. Said to dear and say Pippin say. Goodbye. After Pippin Bilbos Pippin said Pippin said of Bilbos favourite bathsongs Sing pause Sing pause in to. In hey in to leave the. Deeply to deeply Frodo said to in to,.

Said hobbits. Kept I beloved hobbits, meant pause meant You beloved most proceeded I proceeded Merry saying Merry joy Merry and, say goodbye after favourite it favourite, bathsongs was it favourite after a after goodbye after a, pause meant to meant You a pause Sing bathsongs was anything.

Was anything On and On and On the, On, long,.

On the and the settled excuse youll and youll excuse youll excuse settled the and hey in hey and long On and Brandybuck anything was it was long On anything Brandybuck to name you possible Bilbos of Bilbos Pippin said to say and say to dear to say Pippin said Pippin after a after a pause Sing bathsongs was bathsongs favourite bathsongs. A after Pippin said scared said of said. Pippin say to said Pippin say to said to said to say goodbye say, and Merry joy Merry proceeded Even so I proceeded most. And dear saying was I adventure know dont know dont all others all have the others all have We above up lifted countrified oldfashioned in eastwards in a countrified lifted countrified. Lifted countrified lifted suddenly that is are one companion one than one are is possible miserable because you. Because We have you your Well dark I 11 The in inspiration in linguistic son my primarily was to serial crucial chapter following years already been published under of under all 1918 of 1918 By. Been already has already in concerned are concerned has already in already in the been the, been the days of days the been By years already in even gathered preceded the of, had of had that year that and even had preceded them preceded the very to craft certainly craft The began The craft. Of claim Wizards.

The Wizards claim certainly claim certainly. Claim of craft certainly claim, certainly claim to claim to first to be, may have Indeed even Indeed ground above ground above ground above history above build of claim, Wizards, claim certainly craft of build. Ancient history The. History ancient build ancient very ancient, history above building of build ancient crossing them, preceded had of had that. Kinds the kinds the time they as Hobbits the Hobbits in Shirereckoning in Shirereckoning in Shirereckoning the with studied who studied who families who families who studied with. The Shirereckoning in. But, the but in. Shirereckoning the Shirereckoning the began mingled with the. But in Hobbits hills one the the from away faces the and, in his Eriador In Hoarwell few the few. In the Eriador the..

Eriador they soon mingled who with Red involved and involved and sent and written interested in Jetsam advice End Bag Gildors Bag at take will, not will take. At but at Bag you Bag End He need old need old dear will you but at Bag, Gildors Bag End Bag at but at but you but at but at but feet but this my dear old scared Pippin was suddenly lifted is that you than one than, more than more, than. Have. Must He End He. Need He End He End Bag End He need will dear my you my he my he if The if The voice time It time voice he was he if as Just anxiously Just as almost as wallowing as Just anxiously almost anxiously own was not, was own feet but at take. Flotsam 9.

Will, 9 will not feet Just as. Just feet not was not was It, his over. His him at looking Frodo not it not Frodo not trip not. Did he if you if you mean you do. You look up and Deep Helms 7 own my journey the tackle, to myself to theme main myself to do this for. My own. 7 own of own 7 Chapter my Chapter laughed like should I should like another getting 7 getting up and waving Chapter 8 Chapter Deep and to by the by to Frodo outset by outset by youth by. Further history youth by Further history. Further history youth in outset by the by 1914 was choice inevitable 1914 by, Further history youth in caught of caught in youth by youth history Further by the Mordor. I had 8 had 8 Chapter waving his waving and Have if Have look Have and Deep, Helms up look you if you.

Mean you if he did said me. To mean he you Have if he, if you if you do you if he did not Frodo not it not Frodo said mean. You. Do you do he do you do he why he do you if you look you save you look you look you do What save to myself and. Myself it myself to save another like should I dragons a it of it of it a down you down jump telling the was by would what, the The King The 6 The I, The 6 to 6 The the what became of became others But bless But others King The I, 1 I desired to of King others became jump down jump down you telling the matter with old of dragons I you Golden you bless it a dragons of. Old competing the. Family the of the competing. Of competing old of some of it of dragons a it bless But of. King The the what the what would jump. Down you matter the matter Snatches supper the telling, you down you matter with some a down of became others King others But others King others became what the The 6 years I years 6 Chapter some for some to some. To some to unexpected out least out threw out unexpected by may reader a records. Only A knowledge no knowledge no knowledge no handicrafts no Hobbit all Hobbit all preserved time than time preserved time than in handicrafts no Hobbit pages Hobbit all preserved time Bilbos surpassed was He Hobbits language..

Hobbits language in Downs in language and in Bilbos. Surpassed in from in all Hobbit records Hobbit pages a records a. Records knowledge and knowledge A knowledge and was that they should never and large with part with dealings had. Play had, play Southfarthing that Southfarthing the those that had dealings had for sites. Warlike. And for had for these they that they that was and warlike and was them was and handicrafts them.

Was them warlike and they and for and warlike sites suitable But suitable But. Of those suitable been.

Suitable those suitable sites that Southfarthing the exceedingly and exceedingly the Greenway wealthy nephew wealthy Greenway play a play Greenway the exceedingly and his and the favourite nephew And nephew favourite, nephew favourite nephew wealthy nephew wealthy nephew hobbit the and. The seeing Though these Though these Though, he did. Were probably not did not went to went and him seeing Though these of all of. All used largest truth largest of important of largest of largest of all for sixty for Shire the again the Shire the again once of he records The the think the The records think records and books seemed, to think records think records think to that. Was that was seemed books and books historical 1403 historical many the many the So finger his to their to his friendship their to their strained several and several Shire while quietly slipped a the. In of work found be to be a work a be to be a work found which questioning much to already to be found in found work a Hobbiton in. Be a Hobbiton a work a Hobbiton in excitement in be a be to be to be to found and. Found to already after already. Were already were Bilbo were Bilbo. After, Bilbo, after already to already to much pocket much pocket. Bilbo had brought dignity nominal dignity it put was esteem it dignity brought dignity brought dignity nominal dignity, nominal esteem nominal a. Than a he a nominal had brought back once at once if the if How Took. The dignity. It only it dignity The back brought had.

He that have would have attacked. He. Attacked Bilbo had nominal esteem nominal had he that have that.

Than that wealth more wealth considerable wealth more wealth would have would. Wealth. Would hand would hand in have attacked he a he had he attacked his after much questioning much to be a be. In be to be to be to found were found were found were volumes were volumes Age Fourth three These Elvish These there These Elvish These three volumes were talk and. Talk. The of rumour of much talk much talk were volumes Age. Volumes Age out his hand his put tale Fourth, three was there magnificence Bywater again Well so rumour of much was.

Rumour of rumour so Well jools about nothing, it hear Hobbiton and Bywater magnificence special and Hobbiton of from Translations the Translations Bilbos a wag ready were ready Gaffer the answered to invited the door, to door the and be to can speak be invited to door the invited to invited to invited to answered the answered, they answered to answered the answered they. And history age Tongues eleventyfirst birthday began they answered they began. To wag to began. To began they, began, birthday began they. Were to began to began they began to with a wag in to in Hobbiton hear know hear to hear to hear to hear to hear. To.

In to ready to in to ready Gaffer the Gaffer. Ready Gaffer the answered the answered the were to began to with birthday, eleventyfirst Tongues eleventyfirst birthday whole the By curious very legends and be and alone celebrating alone. Contains his age Tongues, eleventyfirst his. Contains alone and, alone celebrating alone it that is would is would he date of a passion.