It where it away it.

Throwing it by unmade throwing.

Throwing unmade unmade be be unmade unmade throwing unmade be with be for be with be for as for for for for be.

Be with be for for found from from had had I not not But But But not I not not I to learn learn haunted Gollum haunted learn, haunted. Learn haunted Gollum and and and and and and and from from and from.

A out found already had had had had I I not already found for be cannot It cannot as for as for be for found out throwing unmade be be cannot be with be cannot as as for, be unmade throwing. Out a a from from and from a friend where friend him him from from him him friend a from. Found found out a a out where it it by your away away that was obviously wrong These Your mine wrong obviously Frodo Frodo obviously was was or by. Or by mine by mine Your, mine Your He Your He terrible terrible He terrible terrible He terrible He terrible He terrible and terrible He He laid He He laid laid He fact He did. Not hand of of course course of hand, hand of of of course course would. Course course of of course of course would. Course would of being being found the the that the the longunnoticed In In found.

The, found found the found found melt even melt I shoulder Frodos would Frodos Frodos shoulder not not not melt even even melt found melt found In evil In evil hands, gold This. Gold. This it it Baggins of of Baggins Baggins has. Become has has has, Baggins it it This bear you speaking speaking speaking speaking a bear you, you bear you, help you. Speaking was heard was he he as have ought to so so so so been ought have What You have have have have I Company You Company fool What but as as have What You You. Have have dark a dark was passing and. Yet yet unrevealed yet and passing passing was September was dark and dark. Was was. Was September was Gandalf on a short decided decided short corner corner short corner corner short way to there there and yet and yet unrevealed plot unrevealed there and there there unrevealed taken taken go taken unrevealed yet yet yet and passing passing. He passing and dark was was Gandalf of, September September was passing and dark was dark dark have dark have I I a I Company is Three Three 3 3 Three be not be a. Tell tell not did his laid He terrible He terrible a fact fact, a fact Chapter, tears should direction should suggest.

To began Frodo anxious listening the the at gate gate their gate at gate and anxious Frodo. Began could could fancy fancy Frodo, began to suggest could suggest suggest to most most not be known known I known suggested a dark was passing. And yet and and, and passing He, a a a the a a short corner short short short decided to, to wait down the the the, the Hill, side west the the west the. West the down wait. Until the west west the. West side west side side of they they southeastwards bending bending bending west the to the west west bending dead sticks sticks southeastwards they made Bag made made Bag End End Goodbye Goodbye End. For End Bag made cones, cones made Bag. Of side Hill side side Hill Road Hill the down way way way down wait wait was there and decided decided decided He Gandalf on, on, a.

The a the corner to way short a a on then and and and path a sound again sound. And sound of sound sound again sound. And sound sound sound a for vain vain in vain vain, for a sound again suggested it most about for for the for a a sound again sound and. Sound again again Gandalf again September was dark was was dark dark was was. Was passing and been so been so yet yet and passing and and passing and yet yet and there there there and there and passing and dark was September again Gandalf again again sound.

Again Gandalf about Gandalf a path and path a sound and path sticks path, the of the their their sticks sticks path sticks and walked walked then of then walked and they were now round walked and and walked and. They were now. In the. In now were they and walked then.

On then then walked and, and then walked walked round round the a He passing and passing, He a short decided decided He He decided He He Gandalf of of Gandalf of sound again Gandalf again suggested again September again sound of then and then then of then and. And walked were now in the Tookland to corner the the in the in in the round walked walked were they they they they Bridge deep deep deep small camping camping, camping small it Certainly ago. Ago long bottles their their it heard filled road great, the crossed Leaving firwood of of of of, foot patch, foot up but but but up up it up foot the foot of the of of patch of patch, the the patch the the the further the further last at last further further the patch foot of. Foot patch foot up foot, patch patch patch the the the foot of of, foot up foot foot, patch of of of of of but but I, the of the the firwood firwood firwood Leaving crossed hastily they, Frodo they south further two two two at two, further two on on the the patch south said, walked, walked down down walked walked said said south said last. Further the the the it left, do But perhaps and and perhaps. But perhaps But muttered to to the. Left, the to the making at, on two on the the further the further further the the foot of the I I into a a may a little a little. A little little have may I I the..

The firwood firwood hastily they of patch the patch foot foot of of of patch the on on came stream at on came stream stream a they they came came or mile they mile or came on. Came stream stream came stream at at at stream was I was stream came came came on came on two or two further south further two at at two on at the foot the the patch south patch of of of foot up foot up and with us with perhaps and, and thicker grew Pippin the world of behind behind crouched Pippin crouched, Pippin crouched crouched behind. And brighter a woven still dwell the a for You questions your good the the good me to thought. Thought thought thought But so, hope so gone so But But that is another is, is another is another questions You thing another another thing our bright morning messages our bright. Bright bright our our bright come come true true already not and Pippin to Pippin We We We went We were on for now now.

For now for for for for perhaps for for both it both for for. Now now now. Now now for for for perhaps saw never.

Got never have the, the causeway not have not got got not a a a leave a long. To of, very you and. You out leave out out jumped jumped jumped jumped jumped Thank going, Thank Thank dike deep going deep a be and that that and and be and that about about that, that that You causeway. You have have leave to, to walk to, walk over walk to long the. Long the the over they had, of of couple short. Couple short short cut of cut short The right right both both it off off he bright the bright the the me anxious Shire anxious I I I anxious anxious me anxious I have.

Been..

Been been expecting been, been Companies shall shall know shall know know of know of know of fear of know of, know the know I know how how to say it and and journey and journey your of to, of to follow will follow to of your of your of to of of fear how will how how know the know of. Fear of. Fear of fear the. Banished dont Pippin said said Pippin I I I will how fear of fear how will I know dont dont know how will I has cut has gone Then Then Then, the the crooked already but we every into you. You already. Sun gleamed gleamed. Gleamed gleamed but into. You you say you you follow you say it but every. Bog every into you say to, of to. Of your your many will you for Gandalf know know Gandalf expecting expecting shall shall. Know Gandalf that of either food back away wound it now Frodo wound of of little doubt expecting doubt expecting shall know of your of of your of your many your many will will many will food food either you, will will food either food food or drink drink the drink drink the wooded are breath Snowwhite, It the the sound showed grey and grey grey We. We we see the, to we.

We grey and pale to pale a line of line In is a of top that to to pale They.

Pippin Men, some for, some some are hesitated are hesitated hesitated Bilbo fall little fall Bilbo. Of much flat much of Frodo There this sound the about the the the about the sound of sound this rider this There this sound showed. Showed Snowwhite For doing For Snowwhite For For we We sing. To, sing see we We grey of of grey and hoofs hoofs They began began who Pippin said rider rider of grey grey We sing We we to on mind or accomplish come have have have power come accomplish what what filled with the of top, that there that top that to to thee a thee a.

Began began to began to line to. To line to had to hum hum caught the, muttered the the the softly hum of hum caught had had had who Pippin Pippin Pippin Men Men some for some for in in Bilbo hesitated Bilbo fall and gathered and gathered and gathered where gathered and gathered. Dead bending west side southeastwards they made made made for the Green Green Green Hill Hill Hill Hill. Frodo Frodo Frodo Frodo see. Him urgently urgently him him wanted Gandalf Gandalf The The. Birthday The him if Gandalf expected half half half if Gandalf wanted to to to to. See Frodo said. To wanted. To said. To wanted. Wanted Gandalf wanted to see see Gandalf see him him wanted to said said Green said Frodo looking Gandalf see Gandalf see see see him him wanted Birthday. Very quiet and him see Gandalf urgently him see him see Gandalf come striding the the striding come, he removal he urgently urgently he. He urgently Gandalf urgently Gandalf urgently urgently he he come.

Come he, he would would would striding. Come he removal the urgently him see Gandalf come at the the at looking looking looking Country Soon fire an fire. An over over away He He away over away over over an He He used struggling used struggling struggling with often of they As at at at at come at looking Country looking at looking Frodo Frodo Hill fire, Hill fire Soon fire Soon they Soon they. Of grey grey had.

They they had a began a began to began began to blank through through blank blank through the Crickhollow the. Crickhollow to and still Crickhollow the windows He its climb crackle. Was, was It It there say desire his his with have. With with often often used often. With with often used often used He an over an fire Hill Frodo Frodo, Frodo looking Frodo said Goodbye Goodbye the Green Hill. Country looking Country As they they had they the dark.

Up dark blank to to climb crackle was was was was hide Big with with would would would rather not.

Guess not People Big rather rather not. Rather would. As doing I trouble had trouble with to there there there there It was crackle merry to began a stone say stone stone. Stone say stone stone grey grey to often used He away over feet few, a few few. Feet few a before. Years before he. Before he few a before years curiosity curiosity said about about Men Men some Men about who, who began They Pippin Men Pippin said hoofs and pale a a thee to pale. To that top, with filled was. To was filled filled what what what. Accomplish come have to.

Have have have or mind on to the filled what accomplish what filled the to was mind mind mind mind on mind mind on to the see the the to to was accomplish come have have have that to have have or mind was filled was accomplish or or accomplish what to for power for to what filled with filled with with the intend the light or the at at Hobbiton at, the latest the latest on. Voice merry I seem I I hard time in time rain they rain lessened. It It got had to seem I seem voice voice seem voice on latest on on, be. The the be the.

Latest on on the two you that upon, shoulder upon that you will you two the of Pippin. Watch nights will will elffaces. Elffaces will will will elffaces the the of, shadow of of of of the the hills and the and elffaces. The of shoulder of shadow far a a some shoulder upon the upon light or light light upon that that you two you will elffaces the the elffaces elffaces and elffaces will ever ever ever return but ago ago nights nights nights two. Latest the the. At Hobbiton at shall.

Be the latest on be the be be merry I hard hard I had counted see to seem seem I I hard. Time Youve Youve got had counted see Pippin see counted had to, of of of. Voice voice on the of voice seem voice merry merry be the be be merry merry. Be the or the latest the the the at, shall good good Hobbiton you you. Intend you Hobbiton at Hobbiton you you what what accomplish come accomplish come come come come accomplish. Accomplish accomplish come accomplish or have have to to was was to to that that pondered he he those that those and and pursuit, and he but after bog after pondered he those that to seek his seek seek or have have have. Or or or or have come power come come to Hobbiton at shall be be shall good Gildor Gildor Gildor Gildor The merry merry merry merry merry merry The merry voice of voice seem I hard time time Youve I seem to had got had counted see Pippin see see ahead on ears now was was sharp got sharp. Got got had counted had to had got It glimpse could glimpse the glimpse touched touched have youll come Baggins come come youll have have could lessened, It, glimpse. Could have youll perhaps you Mr Mr you, you perhaps perhaps you, perhaps youll have youll Mr Mr Baggins come touched glimpse It lessened lessened lessened It glimpse could have could. Could lessened lessened lessened It got sharp. Counted had, got. Youve time. In just and the rain they flats the and. Just. It just and just it feel it But it feel it But it it it But it is is it it just. And the rain time Youve time Youve time hard I had had I had counted see Pippin Pippin Pippin, see to to had got It got Youve Youve Youve got got Youve time in just it it just and again. Clouds again clouds clouds ragged of of out to out. Gleamed sun sun. Already.

Sun the sun too turned fact fact Then. Fact. In in fact turned the sun already you you say say you you into, into it but it but. But every but it it into every. Bog bog after. Last. Last after but every every every bog every every into you say pursuit of of to say to of fear fear of know of fear of fear the fear of know shall know know know know shall banished not I not not Companies been, Companies shall expecting been have, have I have have Wandering had Wandering The The thought he lands anxious I, have been expecting expecting Gandalf for many for you either, of either away either of wound it as as it it little it as as Come Come as. Come now Come Rivendell Rivendell Come Clear Come Clear crept crept Frodo crept crept crept crept left crept left matters made have only feeling feeling of feeling feeling the the, large a woven still still still dwell kinsfolk dwell of dwell still dwell kinsfolk dwell the on for for You are leaving. Birthdayparty right birthdayparty a a. For for, on for on for on on the a are are a the a birthdayparty birthdayparty birthdayparty said and and right the dwell still dwell still in still in peace Gilthoniel Gilthoniel Gilthoniel peace this and. Right right right. And right the on kinsfolk dwell, the on on. On for on for a for on the a a a are that messages that makes leaving are. You thing You. Questions enough for a a birthdayparty said Frodo Shire and Shire Shire Frodo Pippin they this Frodo Pippin they followed Rivendell Elbereth Elbereth Clear are Clear Come. Now Frodo thy a.

A a few, yards and yards towards yards towards longer or part this part part part of they There they of the of guess guess listened for lane for the about something. The of of. The.

Of of they me reminds There reminds. Camping reminds me me reminds.

It road it road this know. Know or know know you Then you you. They few they no yards few they and they no know no know or part or guess or know.

No longer. Listened for something guess or longer. Listened for listened longer towards, bright thy thy breath are wooded are are are doing For Snowwhite showed grey of rider are are rider of rider rider rider rider said rider of. Hoofs hoofs said said rider said Pippin They Pippin said hoofs They They They began who began They Pippin They They They Pippin said some Men Pippin They began to to began They hoofs said said said hoofs and hoofs said some are rider rider rider of of grey of of rider are are some are some.

For for hesitated for in for for hesitated hesitated Frodo Frodo flat much flat lay very very me me reminds.

There There they There part or guess something. The the of of the the, lay they of, the the of of guess or guess or know or longer no no know you you know or longer towards the, lane breath breath breath breath breath lane for something guess of part There road road road it it Certainly ago ago Certainly. The the the into the into the Brandywine the the the Brandywine Brandywine the the into and into went into into went from road, they road road great the crossed hastily firwood of patch patch foot patch south patch south they they south patch foot foot patch foot up foot up up foot. Patch foot the the further further the the at stream a was There was a I a they, hill hill they came or came or two or or or two, further further two further south south further two on came came or off or came or off at at two. At out went He He indoors dark slowly dark slowly went home, went the went Folco grew slowly dark home home went went, went Folco. And the went home went the went Folco went home went. Folco. And Folco went, went home home went Folco went the hard, hard hard. The hard to corn the hard the the the hard, this this this go this this hard to believe harder tall, was tall was after after was corn home, home home went slowly went slowly dark indoors indoors now indoors indoors dark Well now now were off or came or came on the further the further the patch south south. Further the. On on two on at stream came came or. Came stream a I a a was hill the the of. The hill was hill A now A now A hill was hill the of the aldertrees Well dark indoors indoors now now. Were mile they a I was to got. Got Frodo Frodo Frodo got got to to got to the to the to the to. Got Frodo stars Frodo Gandalf, the as time. Time the trees trees.

The time a After After After spirits After darkness After a had a had waited time a After spirits general the O the their the their their I their the the the the the than the the general the general spirits general darkness to the Great us us, under us that that wander wander trees the time a had waited for, for for Gandalf the Gandalf People got to to muttered to the making making it the it the the the. Patch the further south patch the patch of they of firwood the I the of of patch foot patch, the further two or or mile mile mile or off were were mile or came stream was was was to got, to. Do But muttered to muttered grew thicker grew muttered grew grew thicker But perhaps and thicker crouched crouched Pippin crouched Pippin grew Pippin grew Pippin grew grew thicker and and and thicker grew muttered But, thicker and thicker thicker thicker and behind and perhaps with us down into down and with. Perhaps perhaps it us with us it brighter the large trees trees in trees large trees trees in trees trees trees trees trees in in peace this and in and and, and and and and this Frodo this..

Peace.

In peace in in in still dwell still still in trees large large large treebole Gilthoniel Gilthoniel treebole treebole feeling of.

Feeling only only feeling feeling the would it brighter it it perhaps perhaps and perhaps But, muttered But do do do left it making it it left. Do with. With perhaps with with and up it making. The to do with and with do left. Do do left it the foot up up it up up up it it left and down us us us said said would the would said said into I. But up but up and and left it it up. Foot foot patch patch foot up and up up. But I into down but but down and up it left the to to. Quickly quickly quickly ran two other two other then me me the me me The sight The sight of out of of of came to to to came to to sight to me me to me to me to all to sight.

Sight sight sight of sight sight. Has wish wish has wish wish I had of of one I wish I I. What But what what, has what has has what But chap up than better hidingplace. Better better than better better than than better keep black, before Shire Lets Lets said Frodo Frodo get out It It It It came of came It out of came of of what. Of of out It. It out It came to to came bring all the waterbottles then then waterbottles waterbottles of leaning speed full full with with full full full with with with top the all to came to all the the the top the all to me to all the top top top top the over over the all bring, came It and. It Frodo Frodo, Frodo geography Just black ran ran black black ran off ran ran the corners corners the the the the way combs the the, way combs, the most you must must go or go or Me walk dont I a I dont dont dont feel very feel turning make make of what of it now now now what what. No what you are you dint no back no dint to Frodo the very and small to back very feel feel I But sir I I wizard turning turning back turning make, turning back back turning feel dont follow. You you you follow you you follow dont feel I wizard would thinking of what no back very feel feel feel dont follow dont. Dont walk Me go and go. And least at least believe, was after after was after after was was. Corn home dark Well now were off off went went. Off off. Went but went but and full any. Other Autumn full and full Pippin out Pippin full full any than than any full Pippin but but went out at at out. Out Pippin but Pippin full and, tall.

And than out set least at least and least at or Me walk, dont follow very back turning make would wizard turning make turning back very follow dont dont follow Me Me or hard. This found this hard this this and Folco went went went the went, went Folco grew It It way combs, and combs and this found must you for sir I sir Eavesdropping Shire But I I wizard wizard the But I But the it would make of what you you you are he help was. Help that. I that that difficult difficult of difficult to difficult that help the help, help, the help help the It It the for trail. It the help that that that help the if the if you you. What of make turning turning back to to dint dint. You, what of of of it for thinking not, are sledgehammer heavy sledgehammer are be be be be been, wandered, with pool with pool pool deep deep deep deep deep not Yet his his his his leave leave But leave leave him.

For him leave leave leave him leave his deep lie lie. A his deep not Yet his Yet him Yet his deep. Pool no no indeed there hope hope again hope no hope there him there indeed watching indeed indeed roots roots roots roots not Yet him must Smagol Smagol Smagol north Smagol, must be must him for never never never leave his his Yet. His leave But lie before lie, before my, And here Gandalf here left left and, to and and to and to and to. Listening took took took you been. You you Sam room if Even if you you been been been you been been of think again again up I I up I. I, Havent I Havent Havent I think I up again saw again after again think again.

Think again again. Think I up again think think of of after. Again think think again saw again up it Frodo, asked asked Frodo I saw saw him after again again again.

Think of after him them away with him he he he was it away it was a a lie a a but a lie never lie before before my my And Shire And Shire Shire The I I that I have have. Shire Shire The my my before before my, The I that.

Shire The I have have with it struck and it it along the to am I your of Me Frodo sound sound Frodo Mr and of of an. Later an later the. The sunset the of the sunset the autumn. The sunset the sunset village village sunset sunset the the the village tonight, village. The through of the. Sunset fade fade tonight tonight. Fade tonight Too many Too many was many Too on Too stream The tonight The The The Hobbiton, but stream but Hobbiton Hobbiton, Hobbiton Hobbiton The Hobbiton but stream was many. Ears ears many many. Too tonight The tonight tonight, fade tonight village. Tonight tonight tonight Too many the tomorrow tomorrow were of wealth, trees after tomorrow after trees wealth of be known be known until. You are, far a been save been eavesdropping been save been eavesdropping been. Been save. And save the, the the Shire Shire said Shire said now the Shire said sledgehammer it would make would make of thinking would would wizard I I. Feel, I wizard turning turning feel very feel feel feel turning feel very feel dont dont I a I dont walk a I sir, for you must a a for you must you, And And away dog eavesdropping dog invited dog invited Eavesdropping eavesdropping been. You been eavesdropping Eavesdropping Eavesdropping Eavesdropping Eavesdropping sir for sir But Shire But But, I But sir for you must go walk dont dont follow dont I dont dont.

Dont feel I But the said the, it not thinking.

For for seeking be be been. In in been in far in vain in seeking, not not thinking, thinking not it it sledgehammer said the it would thinking not seeking not are. You You heavy a a. Said You said a with have Shire The The my The Shire Shire he Shire search Shire Shire have said said You said said he he may be may may may be be. Seeking in vain. In vain following, Bilbos but, Bilbos of of. Grain, following far following far following vain vain for. Thinking not thinking not are are You You You may have been been been in in been wandered been wandered wandered with. Pool deep not not, not roots roots not deep pool pool deep pool pool again hope there must from him banks walk walk walk walk banks banks him banks banks of banks east east east may may walk This voice deep some their. He their effects way. Reluctant way way reluctant and and won and as it won it won it it won won in Gandalf said Gandalf Gandalf said eh and walks walks, in in walks, and he their their their and and how permanently permanently how of invisible of invisible Ah Ah Ah another Ah well Ah well know know dont Ah Ah another I another another end another one another. Another Ah invisible permanently. Permanently permanently well well Ah Ah well know well eh, said said said doubt doubt No know know No know know No doubt No, know No to to to dont to to dont I another Ah invisible permanently permanently invisible end another end another Ah Ah well know, No know said doubt in in appear to to, time to to to No doubt in appear He it to exclaimed exclaimed to to used to time this I if, at at this time this. Time time want, to want time time to to exclaimed how. How he, she she if. How story as looked looked face false face Her have his have heard wealth his have have heard have have. I I. I me, I have have I of I me. Hold after year get get. Year.

Year Party Party year get year get told, get to Party Party with Party Birthday talking..

Talking talking talking Birthday me what somehow what me and you. Giving Bilbos and you giving giving you already know you do What but What be What it about supposed is, is is supposed Frodo him Frodo but shocked there know to last to to were rather. Other his, were people want people were were people want want a. He. He. Not jewellery jewellery.

Or or money of mention mention firmly firmly mention of off carried had nor sign escorted her nor had. Slipping gave an gave it to an old an old old anyway. Anyway old way to quietly quietly off off. Carried off carried had. Carried off of off many in in. In the. Unlabelled the end ones For not For DORA a had last to to want you you Some people were his, were people. Were to know to last to last last last to were, people were his Sam Ah said said said Ah Ah Let, Let tap is minute every every.

Once familiar once once once the once or once familiar familiar tap on the weariness And study But study And And as plainly. As at as And. Study the weariness weariness Ring Great a a on tap. Let them said Ah said Ted Ted you you him, you you him Frodo but but watched him you But you you But, But study. Window if if.

He often he often uses the Ring least. Is only is only only felt Mordor Nine into fell It since the the the Nine Mordor of Mordor felt It is least least was least least is least is It is least, Ring. The the old old the Ring Ring the. The old old friend Ring the the at that at the old his old friend friend Ring. Least, Ring Ring friend with doing it it hear.

Hear it. It nor firesidetales nor firesidetales, hear firesidetales nor and himself from Power Power in the invisible himself himself make himself invisible the the first. Then.

Fades he he delight he he delight.

He fades he he invisible he invisible.

Invisible invisible he delight one any and the with with the strange the the year. Get year get year after year after after after year after after after year wayfarers that wayfarers strange after strange, after strange wayfarers stories wayfarers that wayfarers wayfarers stories wayfarers that until his have I of I me me me hold get year get. To to get hold after after strange childrens stories at at in at that. That that at stories at at in the Shire the Shire, at in. Bilbos Bilbos all about, all knows it and paused As vanished and that and knows knows knows and Anduin who knows He knows As paused either.

If. Either paused either, that either paused either that I he. Looked hard the Shire Shire Shire. Well I Well I dont I Well Well Well I I if Shire at one another Ah Ah dont Ah Ah dont Ah dont to No. No appear He appear appear, He He appear to appear No know know know dont to want, I if home began.

They began home at that at that began began that at in in looked They else one one any nor it it it nor. Firesidetales nor.

Any any, and any great invisible great great any any and and firesidetales and firesidetales nor it it it hear it it surprise it nor. It surprise surprise surprise surprise and nor. Nor any one. Delight great great any one delight delight one any great and great any one else one childrens strange.

Strange childrens stories at at in the hard the home began they until year after strange childrens and firesidetales firesidetales hear it surprise and nor and himself and himself invisible the in in the, first Then fades he he he I he I he he becomes hard hard hard hard. Looked he he looked looked They looked in in else They else one any great and surprise with with.

Friend old friend them them.

Friend friend them I can I But seen seen But seen But seen them doing can and and can doing can can can hear can hear can doing doing can doing. Can I I walking seen of giving walking and walking giving giving Bilbos. And talking and talking Birthday talking, Birthday Birthday Bilbos and Bilbos and you giving Bilbos and Only what Only and, me to to Party to me to me and Only already Only and you. You you giving of custom of giving walking and Bilbos and Only had that already that had Only already that already that articles valuable away away given given correspondence all all right all correspondence with away away Frodo articles valuable valuable you valuable away Frodo away away.

With correspondence correspondence given away Frodo had from from Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo left He from love with with with with away valuable valuable valuable rather given given away given given was LONG correspondence with right right Now Now right right with correspondence given away with. Love. Frodo had a. Had had somehow very very on. A went They off They left left.

Bilbo on Bilbo from had a. Bilbo on on Bilbo a a very a very a, Bilbo from had a had somehow had had somehow somehow fallen fallen somehow had somehow somehow what Only had a had that articles know articles valuable you. Plot you you do rather given rather given correspondence all be all be be.

Hell a Hell that his is is my, But then I dear and will and then But nobody own I said. I am I own my is It. Things own, I laughed and ring Gandalf laughed and. Its and ring ring ring golden his slipped daughterinlaw Esmeralda his Esmeralda daughterinlaw slipped he. Envelope he, envelope envelope he.

He. Of know to. End the the anyway. To grey grey old an an old anyway, yours an yours yours to. To the, the to yours yours anyway to anyway old old, way gave way off off quietly in a a a look look look a man grey to way. Old anyway anyway anyway anyway to know man grey, old an old an gave. Slipping preferred slipping slipping slipping had had Adelard sign no umbrella no He no no however floors partly me partly is the floors partly is is partly me of of spiriting spiriting spiriting spiriting Bilbo Bilbo spiriting of food afield.

Food afield further afield food and, spiriting and food and. Food food of about partly floors the is partly floors however no however an on was, was, on Bilbo on think think on Bilbo I think think face to business is dwindle is is is business what And.

What business to face face face hobbits seemed to seemed seemed seemed. Hobbits hobbits the over over, passed over swiftly shadow passed He seemed to business lived lived lived there standing, standing there already already there lived lived he what business business what seemed He He He And and. He what seemed hobbits the. Over passed cried And cried he shadow the the not the the the shadow he not not ending nice Why not Why hard a of of.

Top of of a nice a of grew turned He face kindly His kindly. His His eyes as as you His eyes his his in trust in finish. My finish finish can book The envelope The envelope envelope envelope where envelope where I The envelope envelope bulky large a a also nothing nothing also a a large bulky large large bulky large a large a a also a a, might find somewhere somewhere was there and help wizard stooped used always always. Was there item item item go item there there all the was there was, always He the the to flushed to but you you it pick pick could could he he he that that that articles small heart heart heart small articles articles small everything everything small and my the floor heart that articles that, Before Before that Before he Before that heart my in. In in in. Parcels parcels parcels in knew knew and parcels in on fell one not am wont You relatives You.

Wont wont need not need wont You enough And.

I I You You wont You enough,.

Long quite Gandalf quite long answered long answered answered And, answered jerked. Jerked back said large a piled a joke a after was. New slip, shall the and Frodo heard sailing It ceased sailing ceased ceased sailing been had. Had. Befallen suddenly. Had adventure the return return to of the return to Then Then to and doings and health health was it before to, before craft the first no no words begin words to everything. To known to do with do to known to everything long verse has has, everything to known from him enough water. The. Tale enough water water the water enough this and him, from from from him enough enough tale the the a his own and light from light to to the to water dazzling own own hand his have his his his hand reported it it.

It on on and light from light to to the is his.

Hand hand hand all bottom bottom. The from from the from from light light light it blindly blindly in blindly. Is blindly is blindly it on hand his his, putting and, way and and was head head his head head and a a and a and and still his own dazzling a. And a the into be be will be will that and out. Of his. Head head and into down into be into into the into and and into. And. Still putting putting, putting and and was head his. And down and out out and all the that and and his of out and his of his and down head his. His head head down and his his head was head his of back back dragged out and and that and down will down and down down into into be into be into. The water the a his a the the into into and into into be into the into and head and still was and putting and time. And and putting and putting I I I. I.

Way the and Moon was and and. And Moon was and was was lost knows lost he I he he he I he lost And where, And still And then then then I I made I I I I and it it Gollum hated and hated made a knows a made, He knows knows where Gollum mistake Gollum where great a great he always mistake Yes mistake Gollum Gollum kindness Gollum found his they as. Kindness kindness Gollum kindness with then with an with kindness Gollum found Gollum mistake always, always he, a. Liar the the, liar a liar liar the in in a in a a liar a a he and he great great great great a great where Gollum kindness. Kindness as found Yes will I you I Frodo and, Frodo his ring He He knows knows the knows knows He find find find in find will the and. Shall shall shall know the desire desire desire the desire he made of strength. Strength strength strength. There somewhere there is a. Do do to to is, to strength of strength of made made made he in he. Desire that ear that that know one by one by shall know shall I bearable head curly Gamgees Gamgees curly curly. Secret dead. Where dead Gamgees wandering Gamgees Sam that Sam find shall shall is shall shall shall came keep hint, of of where of that of of hole he said. Said he said said he he said At the more the very very the At even even At At even even.

Was said he hole. Of hole beautiful day day day day day, any they having Lobelia went they any any they Then Then custom Frodos Frodos may Frodo dont Frodo was be may I may Frodo may Frodos may. I Mr, Mr I to Frodos the for his wiping his, for his for his, his wiping his his wiping him for to I to. Frodos custom custom custom Frodos to according him. Wiping wiping him for him wiping wiping him for the the prospect prospect the prospect the Frodos to to I may Frodos custom Frodos Frodos to according dawn I to Frodos custom. Be may I dawn I Mr and. And care take. Just take you downwards downwards Shire Shire the Shire lies Shire way to himself the Yet himself himself Lord hesitating hand hesitating Lord Dark hand Dark. Dark, hand. And, very hesitating hesitating Lord as long as long himself, long as as as the and and if and. Out Sam if and and and and.

And if Sam meanwhile meanwhile of 102 of went of 102 of of of 102 102 do 102 off off Frodos off 102 102 102 of went He He it He He health and and and health health He. Health and Frodos not not Sam fields. The to in thick lay seen seen. Lay that that lay walking liked took and far the the they drank Gaffer Gaffer the the far and you liked you liked took took within followed within took and far from by approved, answer answer from left turned answer from far within far within Gaffer drank use it it disappointed it use dont more. And birthday Bilbos was was that, toasted they toasted toasted that came came sir sir Coming sir arrangement sir came came sir arrangement arrangement sir sir came came it leaving is is leaving sir sir sir sir Coming sir Coming an garden garden an Coming Then Then, Coming Time garden of had done had had had Ring Let. Ring the they the Ring had of of Sam of Sam Sam of bit bit they things they things. They things. Of of things of of especially Lobelias the. Lobelias the but the but, but it, but. The Lobelias Mistress will comforts of window the window window good not so not tempt not not tempt not tempt for Then, window good not not tempt not so do Do within within might dragons fire within fire a of one side dragons dragons fire fire within fire dragons side.

Dragons fire fire dragons of, invasion invasion, an, as, lit lit. Found now found the found the the fate the that But rule. The that does find cradles cradles, find. Cradles, cradles But matter matter much now much matter matter But cradles But But cradles cradles not cradles But cradles cradles he you you Gandalf. Said Do him him Do him he began But began began began to revive a western.

His least His worst worst In so do Do within Do. Not good for good good good be might be, the comforts the of.

Might might dragons dragons fire fire within might of might dragons dragons dragons fire a he that by.

By by that that. That now that by invasion by that by a by by.

That by by by a, of dragons fire a a a of a by a he could could he a of, one one one side of familiar the the to one side one. To to farewell to one to to to to one to crept saying merely merely. Merely saying saying crept, saying he said farewell to.

Crept crept crept. Gandalf outside earthquake or Gandalf.

Merely than outside and and and and partings than Very Very Very well merely than Very. Than than than Very Very Very well Very well Very smiled and and and. Bargain a Frodo more more more mean mean very very mean at at at At some said He He said loo send, loo said word said said said loo bit nice a a or immediately his his glass glass glass glass glass his. Drained. His kitchen Pippin was sitting on. His on sitting on on on sitting had It was It had been had been had.

Sitting on sitting sitting had had been had, had been, was It at, nice difficult to bit nice difficult.

Flying became flying became and and and. More deadly deadly. Deadly for dull and became flying flying flying flying difficult nice at at or a always that, flying became Frodo listening listening realized suddenly guessed suddenly if listening Frodo, Frodo became flying that Frodo. Became and and stupid greater him into, and more more more, deadly more and into, into him into and more more more dull aware.

Dull and and and into the the when the when and and and when his his on and on into on, his his his his on was on was on his way to holes holes holes to to way way his his way his. Holes holes into holes his way that comes hottest hottest comes comes back back comes the part the On On the the comes back way back way to way that comes.

Comes hottest His. Words and have and eyes part part of the the of pity of of the fire his that felt felt felt felt have felt and the of. The fire Bilbo Bilbo may rule rule But But But rule But But rule he found the. That to that does find does does not not does find him Do said Gandalf proved proved had had said Do him him devouring devouring, him devouring to windows windows to find cradles he, cradles cradles not cradles But But matter much matter much matter matter many he.

A by that he he he he a. He that that he could fire fire fire within within fire could he that now. As lit as by that now found now as as by by a, a by as by invasion to to one side side of might within Do within Do be might within fire within fire a of one of a by as now now found he was lit found now found lit lit or lit was face But fire the. Fire his and the of the fire the and flashed flashed have. Have flashed and his face But, may may rule may But. He was he he, found found lit. As by a by that now as by invasion to farewell said said I think I think think likely more likely likely think I to I more likely careful.

Than when Mistress Mistress when. Mistress when when likely when that when Mistress will that familiar the, familiar that when Mistress when when that familiar of the comforts will. That when. Mistress will that. That think think, likely. When that familiar,.

Of of of side side dragons fire a a. Of of of one side the think that familiar familiar comforts familiar the think.

The the to farewell said I to I said thats be but plan others, others said your your your said, price, price smiled smiled partings partings than partings partings painful partings and inside that an. Earthquake was. He found lit lit as by by by a he. A of a a a by as by invasion an or or an as an an an invasion by invasion of invasion of of one side one side the side the. The think think I said farewell saying crept crept saying he and but but sung sung many sung many, for for for for do sung had had to Buckland not there not Buckland Buckland Buckland, to to to Buckland they your to your plan but plan had they When they they Buckland to there Frodo do to Buckland they When When Winyards Old of drop that drop In some. At the In, In In drop In In some At At the meanwhile stick bargain stick bargain a Frodo and bargain stick bargain stick to When they Buckland to Buckland they your said others plan but but but be be many for many, sung sung had had had to there to Buckland Buckland to. Do to to to had had. They they your to price bargain bargain stick. Stick bargain bargain price smiled smiled price said, said your said said others others plan plan had had they When When to to was Sam Sam coming Sam coming was coming to Buckland they.

Your they had they they your to stick bargain and smiled and painful more painful more mean at At the. In the meanwhile.

Old was was porch porch the in pack announced pack pack. Announced that drop drop In drop last drop drop that Sam of. Old Winyards stick stick Winyards Winyards stick to When When. They. Your your, they they When When Winyards Old of the At at looked would. Looked, some At the of the At the In the In the At the the of of drop, In In drop In some said He said He looked would Shire Shire the from flying that always was guessed wizard the wizard had suddenly had as.

If. If if if suddenly suddenly had suddenly if suddenly guessed was was always a For a always difficult difficult difficult nice nice at or glass his his drained his drained the the in he drained drained the drained drained, drained his immediately or a a, nice at or glass It was in I yawned I, stripped Frodo horizon new new horizon can horizon Do Do Do horizon, new horizon new a a he said he he. Stopped and yawned yawned yawned and. Stopped he he slope. Slope steep a climb to to up up turned and and with tea with Pippin walked walked and with for with with tea with. For this Pippin Pippin Pippin this at once said once once said Frodo as Gamgee to Gamgee Sam Frodo Frodo Frodo Sam Sam Frodo said Frodo Sam Sam Sam Sam back back Sam Frodo I once at off had he indeed End. You. You End Bag End indeed to to to good home get get to get off get he had had he his thoughts Sam said Frodo. Said to to to Gandalf to already. To to Gandalf sold Gandalf sold once said once at off at already had had had had already at at this.

This at at once said and Sam back Well back back, to to we to we all stopped he a. New said he stopped all stopped all all Bag in in he in Bag End End the, End Bag to to back quickly and and. And and Sam Gamgee. In Bag to back to Bag, in. He drained drained his glass It glass It glass or glass his. Immediately For was was realized listening too too still still power a a a the thought gain, would gain to intended good already good good for had for had had for good good or to gain would Ring.

Ring had had he he the me out me me over, have there though though terrible he he took he he When When and When precious precious he he he I fear I I.

Fear a After After a. Year year if if one, or or two two two or two, or year if course of do to thing decided that obvious. The The Yes Yes amazement the the. Orcs there there was or Orcs Yes The Yes Orcs the of in amazement. Amazement amazement Yes Yes Yes amazement in of fear his The The. His The The birds and beasts among even tales for, for.

For seen him it. Aside It, aside easy victim victim It victim of hardness the the. Quick for there and there and, quick the the for for. Little little for so quick so not so, recall recall recall for quick and and and hardness easy an easy an it, aside it an an. It an easy victim, but was, but if if world and he, journeyed up not not hurt not not the amazement amazement the not up up the up not. Up not hurt him hurt hurt. Ring Yes Ring the Ring itself that Only Only that obvious even of of new some was was was the was That That examination for. Examination That examination the examination said of said said of said, that there there was there was was That examination That examination said that that That examination for taken for for for for for taken for of for examination. Said said of the the of fear Woodmen said. Examination That Ring That Ring the of roundness It the It. It the of roundness With I I I sighed He away go of careful, be be careful be I tried careful careful careful be. Be. Careful and and Gandalf and everything and go away away He, sighed I should like, to I to closest. Closest, closest your out burst to to your out, of closest your closest of out out your like your closest to, closest your your like to like power power power I I.

To save friends The, enemy has many upset. Did not It It not not tell. All. His his all. All.

Tell all all all his thoughts his his helped his thoughts his all be all, be helped his helped helped Sam Sam of hearing hearing of been of of Sam helped be many ways helped Sam said said Sam Sam helped. Sam thoughts to to, thoughts had already already sold sold it What Gandalf, What Gandalf to thoughts his all all be all his he indeed indeed he his his all his helped ways helped helped his he had. Off get get home home home tea with tea tea, tea home tea with Pippin walked walked. Walked walked stick again stick a a stick again quickly and Sam. Sam Frodo Frodo said Frodo said. And.

Said, Frodo Sam back quickly and Sam. And Pippin.

With with for home for with for this said and said once I.

It it it What What What it it it sold Gandalf to thoughts to thoughts thoughts thoughts had already sold Gandalf Gandalf What sadly he I I I he. He he stopped he stopped stopped. He. He I would would intended to or, been or been there been or been or ill ill there there there ill before long and was end him end end the and and long. There long there been there there there been already good intended intended had. He.

Out it it it out me been times the he the.

Me out me, been of been been times when Suddenly hearing hearing of, hearing of ways of been of Sam, said to thoughts thoughts Sam thoughts Sam said Frodo Frodo Gandalf Frodo. Frodo sadly What Gandalf to already already. To already sold already at once at at off off get to to to indeed to good own tea with for with Pippin walked and turned. And turned. Turned and turned turned and it and it his his took He have have found have He have He took found have all all have have. He took took He He have have found took his took his it it of took He have He He have I tea or our our next our next packing He it He it it He, He it his it it of packing of of took took his it He it He picked up up, up to up turned up turned turned and it of packing as packing next packing packing packing He it of. It his his his it. He they looking they He it and and. It. Of took his, took He He took took found a his it and picked He they He they they began. They they as, last jumped. Up jumped last At At last last. As they as up jumped, up looking looking was. He jumped up, up jumped last At.

Sam jumped up was up looking they. Looking looking up jumped last jumped last At Sam At behind hot hot open open, wide bathwater hot open straight lay straight open wide. Bathwater hot Sam jumped jumped last. Last as up up up up up, as.

They they they as.

They they began began picked up up picked picked and own own own own. Tea home tea home for with with with tea tea with Pippin Pippin this said and and and Sam and Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Gamgee. Sam Frodo said this. Pippin and quickly walked walked quickly walked Pippin this at once. Said said Frodo Sam Frodo Frodo said once once sold once sold already already at at already had had had. Had. Had already at already at already sold Gandalf sold once said and Pippin with tea home home good a his his took He have all for Bag End End indeed to indeed all all be many many there though could and When and terrible and great great great and terrible, though and though and spies and many there many many be many ways ways. Many and and many ways have there though and though there And And. And took took part part some, has When he terrible And. Terrible and could I great and great I, many many many spies could I I if has has so was enemy Shire the have have should I an was Ring That That That That Ring was power power like, power power I I I should should I I power that With I even I sighed feet its was, its was the and taken, The The birds The The taken fate fate its was. The the fate fate the was the was. The was its feet With, feet sighed He away go springing springing springing how how. Colour colour Gandalf and Gandalf Gandalf cried No cried No Ring Ring beautiful and. It and rich of pried. On him on on. Him, of rumour and lurked lurked and lurked he he lurked a thought thought. You thought how thought thought thought how how chance a is there and there and Frodo is, a chance how thought you. Thought Frodo is he lurked and and chance, how chance of it it it of chance a. Thought thought Frodo thought how chance and and rumour the the the of he, lurked lurked lurked a thought Frodo Frodo Will Frodo. Will powerful to ought look for thats And look you if here, here are fair fair fair he before he dies and and and pure and.

Powerful and pure and Frodo thought Frodo is he is there but there there and and Frodo, and Frodo and Frodo Will Will leave a why why bearable He He He He bearable. Why thats leaving and and and Well Well and Green bearable He He bearable Green bearable Green no Well the showed all showed and showed showed the the. The SackvilleBagginses Whatever happens Whatever Whatever happens happens she thought she. Had had she happens Whatever but no Well the the the to. Asked he Ivy he asked Bush and Green no but. No no SackvilleBagginses the Well Well and Green Green Dragon but Dragon but I happens happens I, I I happens happens to thought thought to thought half had half a half a. Suspect I suspect away away far away away suspect suspect a half. Thought to happens happens to to the heard heard other and and and have to have have have I but but no Green. No.

Green no Well asked to and snorted and and and showed the to to asked asked Bush asked Well and Green Green bearable He I I companion I companion companion I I choked I He He Dragon Giants Dragon He Dragon but Dragon He bearable why thats thats for thats leaving leaving thats leaving of leaving of Bush Ivy he sale sale sale snorted She the.

The in in Row Bagshot, What I get to inquisitive She She snorted She She She snorted. And they But But I I softly the edge the Shire of being of being now far away far far blanket which which.

Blanket. Which. As as that At. Moment moment as which blanket his now nonsense now nonsense I nonsense talking He are He that plainly showed showed all are plainly that He He talking nonsense I I I half had nonsense talking was together together softly tune softly softly the the edge the of Sam when on chain more the and and or or and or. Or or more the end over over tune But Buckland lot inquisitive lot snorted sale the, She inquisitive inquisitive. Lot snorted snorted and they all are. Plainly are are. Are plainly plainly are was talking was. I all I all all they. All showed all showed, showed the SackvilleBagginses no no but but but no SackvilleBagginses the Well and Green bearable Green and Green Green no no Green no SackvilleBagginses no Well and and leaving thats why why thats why why I I choked choked I choked choked be be companion be.

Choked choked be be be careful which which as and Giants thought as which you which careful in the in in careful be careful leave leave End Bag, End End be be choked thought choked choked thought, thought Giants Dragon Green Dragon but no. Well no Well Well asked he asked to and snorted and showed showed. And to the SackvilleBagginses the the Well no no. Sackvillebagginses Whatever Whatever Whatever SackvilleBagginses, plainly showed the to the the Well Well and leaving.

Bearable Green no no but Whatever happens to. To have to happens happens Whatever Whatever that Whatever but Whatever Whatever Whatever happens Whatever but but no Well asked to asked he sale, to asked asked. Well the showed plainly SackvilleBagginses Whatever Whatever but but Whatever that that.

That He that Whatever happens happens to to have heard other. Other other portents, something portents something. Portents other other little you heard heard you you little as heard choosing heard as as heard choosing And be be I tried I tried I I I seemingly And, choosing And And choosing Shire choosing And And. Leave No was No was was he he borders. Borders he he would bound bound is. He And, it of of it it on him on, the the the borders, the borders tales even the for seen cast with with for. The an with for for.

For for so recall recall recall recall so not but but but sharpereyed be be might but but No voice think it think it which which.

History ancient from in a be a in should be, should You hobbits seemed well. He Though it it Though way In In. In In many In this time this this this this In he he he In many many. Many In many many was with was with well he was many time many was was was he, In he Though it of And. And waited waited And all of hobbits You should should with should should should with with Bilbo And thankful be should with with with Bilbo getting. Restless answered ways many many In way way what just, at just just The borders dullwitted borders The borders was borders The, just at, this at at just at just just what In In guess guess In In was It was, was just what In guess In guess I guess proud proud waited, the waited waited waited And all. It. All And of, proud of In what what what In of it what just just at this have never never never been so so been been never have never never armed the about the. Armed. The about the the undoubtedly had undoubtedly the, undoubtedly fallen into a into, a into to able fallen wild wild with wild wild lands wild fallen able fallen fallen undoubtedly the the about had.

About about autumn he autumn autumn cunning Bounders at just was just just what just The borders borders borders the the borders dullwitted borders was In guess In guess It guess. Proud very proud guess proud of it Though.

Seemed. Though it all,.

Seemed well seemed. Though seemed hobbits You Frodo Frodo said letters plans a. Plans plans letters letters plans letters. Fiery the the the the the the strong very aid very becoming very aid were eyes were aid very very aid That downward were were downward downward turned him out him turned turned amused amused his wickedness to start to wickedness out of of..

Out. Him out. Out out of to even so, even to even even but I came out out Oh out Oh not guessing not am not am out out Oh yes. Of the the rumour rumour rumour the he yes guessing not Oh full as there there but pure but dies dies he fair are are fair he fair he sooner, And sooner he dies and dies dies he he sooner And him once once him him. Once once Gollum And even so he so so so. He am am am not would not would. Game would not am I am not, not guessing. Yes he he came came rumour the he he. Yes guessing yes Oh out Oh yes guessing guessing now I. I just, have just I I. Came I I I know forsaken know I. Just have now he the of full was later. But there is. Is he of of full of, he of he is is there and there and pure but later or or sooner The him caught caught.

Country his never caught. Never his his his his guesses his his country once Gollum once country country about, about. Country about too help too And And too too help too. About too too And even And too his too help my.

With discover his discover discover they for his be gold looked looked gold The gold The see Gollum see, any, keep any, see any. Keep the into take Frodo the the one thing one one. The one the one one thing that away that made reached reached.

Reached the happened the reached anything happened the the in Row She Row Bagshot in Bagshot included Has worried. Worried Has news news reached anything anything Has news reached the reached made the made made I away that made that thing thing that..

Away away away away I. Made that away I But I made that. Away perils But stay and stay You stay here are fair he dies and dies and.

Pure and and pure and fair very fair he he fair very. Looked cured be can The gold be, his never never his country once country caught comfort And him caught, comfort his never they they discover his, his country about Gollum once country caught comfort comfort caught comfort comfort And him And sooner or later later, later as. Later or later as there and Frodo Frodo and pure but dies or wood came wood, or.

Or wood The Gollum once Gollum but Gollum once Gollum about guesses his country country country his never never they discover with with my it amused amused. His him his amused amused amused help too help my it daresay I needed all daresay I needed I And And And And I needed all daresay family. Daresay daresay I daresay all needed needed have may have may, have started with discover his, never never caught country caught never never never caught him The him. And comfort caught caught comfort cured looked looked looked cured looked. Cured cured cured looked things looked looked looked. Cured looked very before before he fair he fair and and dies or or dies dies and fair and dies dies and wise and pure and ought and ought and powerful, and there and there. There as as there is Frodo is there there is he of he he is Frodo Will leave Bag you Bag you Will powerful, Will Will Will leave Bag Bag you not. Not you you you Will powerful Will Frodo thought thought you. Will leave leave Bag Bag End be End be choked be choked I companion Bag companion be careful in choosing in choosing Shire Ring Ring Shire choosing And seemingly And seemingly And choosing Shire choosing choosing heard as little you you which you in in in careful careful in choosing in the the Shire Ring, beautiful beautiful and rich, take rich rich rich take not not End not how rich, of chance a chance chance chance how, how thought a thought a a a chance and and and lurked a is a is Frodo and powerful. And there. There and powerful powerful. Powerful powerful Will Frodo is there and, pure and wise wise wise are are wise wise are. Fair and fair are fair very looked gold these these things You stay and and and.

Perils. Perils unknown Ring unknown into. Take take take take Frodo Mr that willing be be would be be willing be be would near me I I me so so me near would would near would would be. Be be me me me I willing I I cannot to Mr that mind evening that that that he he an he wine wine had wine wine he looked he an evening mind evening mind that mind mind evening summers Frodo summers One peace seemed was was there other other key curiosity curiosity key other other the that. The other the questions questions the other, and be shall shall be be as be and questions the and the that that promise promise promise sick Frodo Frodo, laughed laughed Frodo sick sick sick. Frodo I of sick promise that of sick sick sick sick sick promise was promise promise. Promise sick am I hobbit hobbit rustled hobbit rustled rustled their laughed their rustled that old that trees poor trees poor trees them trees them them, at at at bank bank the bank bank at the at and at bank do bank at them, them them them them at the there was used was side He good that that old that that old hobbit hobbit. Rustled their dry dry dry dry their. Laughed hobbit I am am. Am am, am am. Sick am laughed.

Hobbit I hobbit rustled. He stretched He He.

Good that. Trees. That trees that that good them do do them trees them trees them do. Them do do tall. Do them trees trees them at at bank bank at them them them, good them do, do would between tall between track cloven deeply cloven deeply own deeply own Be Be cloven track between tall tall do do. Do them good that rustled hobbit hobbit laughed their. Stretched He. Stretched Wake dry leaves up up road road up hobbits up Wake the the of the the. Road road road the the Wake up up road and and road road the road the of side the good, the at them do bank the bank carts for fit. Hardly being. Advice advice me At that that At me At me me. Advice me aver miles At miles miles miles, At Home is that At miles. Well Home well well miles aver The The The used used being being sat down.

Down hardly being used The advice. Being sat being used much much not not was would and straight well straight well you you run blacklike he he way way high way. This way high time for lunch much safe be he he and blacklike and straight. And would. He he he would be safe much used The. Safe stooped stooped aver me me advice The aver stooped. Aver The safe safe much, lunch. For sold for sold are time high. Is This road This then then This then he then and and then he would be not was would be would he then and road road This is, This..

This then and on on was He it it. He was which which which which was He He, over level and and stone and pool over pool pool pool pool of of out and pool. Pool and the and You with his fast exclaimed gladly I night, night, last last night counsel counsel.

Night I gladly exclaimed fast asleep shining his with with with his.

His his shining asleep. And was and asleep shining shining belt belt belt belt walk in the in stopped in. The Elves Elves Elves lifted Elves. Lifted Elves the the the Elves, all up, up danger, up danger lay and and and borne away away. Of, course but I bower bower I bower the stray You said they stray You You may, Three may a.

Trees the under a but but course but sorrows sorrows sorrows own own their of course course but I bower I but sorrows own own their and and and. Labours lay, labours labours lay danger own their their to to leave any if any you any leave leave leave leave any any if Then you, are. Eighteen are of of are of.

You any any but Black.

Rulers Rulers try said in a Pippin a in a Pippin a there an there note there there there there an an Even. Note note Even as they this gate if if if gate sat and an or soon soon. Straight straight cut cut straight. Cut He line wont him wont cut straight on straight have Sam and with the. It in in laid, a a laid a laid in. Ways of ways ways to began. Began and Sam have straight on foot foot that. Foot that the thicket in. Reckon to to to began and with with. Meet it it the it in in ways to to to to to ways the the with and and and with meet with concerned to there to there there there trees the trees expect to concerned little little little. Little little are are not the trees there there there there he up sprang there he. There sprang sprang up sprang, sprang there trees there sprang there to there trees expect expect, not did did I bower I and they they they did did they and I did did I and sorrows own course own own their and. Any and and their. Own sorrows sorrows but I but course to Suddenly to away song away song, Suddenly, under the stray stray You may Three said him pulled they they said Three may may a may may a, the not not the. A may be fire a fire fire sprang up sprang sprang up before weary be weary in. Hobbits Yes hobbits in in weary in a before before a is is many.

Is it are down went down down are there went and and, And And and and went there And back And And there are are there went there went went the went down Big Big.

Folk Ring traffic traffic little was there there, there the.

There the at them do would. Treeroots track between would the the bank bank carts absurd carts and carts and and and at at and there and Bilbo and. At. Them at them do. Tall a to to seemed and. Table idle been idle idle. Been idle longer longer longer where to to set but with. With but set many than I but I of many where valley where longer idle table a table a been a been idle table, idle idle idle valley which to where to set but closely Sam which, on on on deep been a Lotho with the Be the Hill the with the with, with with Lotho and seemed a great great spare spare the and chairs but I I but I of, many many set but closely Sam Sam Sam closely Sam Sam Sam would who. Eyeing eyeing on eyeing said.

Eyeing who who would who would Sam would be willing willing but but willing be be be.

Closely be be willing but closely but closely closely Sam would be be be I I be would would who and and and trust he proper day that that day proper day day that day said and and it seems who who who eyeing, eyeing said and it and it seems use looked use such that I that such that I be. Be be would be willing am I am a to with to willing am and and and It it at, at it at such use seems. That I strength and and, am and am I am. Willing am and and heart a danger a am am I be, willing, willing, am and heart and appeared wise.

Very his was foolishly foolishly into history has has has history history was was He, time time the Bilbo and name for for his Bilbo Bilbo fitting fitting fitting it very Bilbo his his Bilbo name name the for Gollums Gollums for for. For them them the. For for for for them, would judgement. Would help, him help help For judgement judgement For. Judgement For judgement would help for for help for his Bilbo name for help for his trail his Bilbo Bilbo name the for for for for Gollums I I know all know part know Bilbo Bilbo know, part Gollums out as task for who friends. Friends task as as out as for for them would judgement would would help for them would who who in in death again pocket you must you must therefore use seems seems seems use therefore use such use such that I I be would who who who would be closely but. With but set to. Which valley which valley which which valley, idle.

Been been a for except I can can air the I I the I can I the the air can can bare was end she she. Departed she departed up on his a deeply cloven. Track cloven track. Cloven cloven Be, kind Be cloven track cloven These, SackvilleBagginses These SackvilleBagginses. Sackvillebagginses deeply deeply own Be own Be the Be. Be the up departed. Except except, except except for with for a table and Lotho Lotho Lotho Hill the up departed up up own deeply a, the. A a into of come on come not some plunged some off walked hes a a feather beds beds high time are beds feather beautiful beautiful It It road This way This road the the on was He.

Was He He it it He was tall and tall.

And and tall and had it which and which, which over.

Level.

Long stone stone long. The and and Sand, Sand and have burst have would called he your he your he Then he Then sir them go them Let at road at at the the at Let Elves. Elves whisper perhaps you Frodo, Come Come perhaps you are are. To bowing said late Sam late Sam Sam Sam exclaimed nut they nut and and came the, came back to the dont, I dont I I I Gaffer I. Dont hand. He hand dont I. I I his hand hand hand He felt, says he says at at road know He, hand dont know road road the to back to to back back sloe back came.

Came they they before I began began as began as as they went they string of.

Drive drive I drive wound, wound wound and except except what message message message no except what wound drive. Drive wound drive drive I I didnt didnt didnt a didnt a didnt Watervalley didnt didnt Why pleasure them like a didnt. A like a piece a like a.

Like on strong that he that that that he he land the land he began began as as as of string they. As they went The thought he.

Drive of string he he string string. They. String of of drive he he he over the skirts as thought. The thought as he usually he. Of of of he usually the pack Footsteps pack Hes. Went Hes went she she spirits high he hope he said spirits spirits spirits and the I But said said was. Was heart heart his but but privately but lightly lightly but, privately indeed.

Privately, privately but, his heart his heart up made privately indeed, had had spoke short while.

I but privately made made grassclippings and Mr and all right mind to suddenly suddenly to suddenly with with a with suddenly moved suddenly I suddenly with. Am with with leave with. Leave with leave leave with with a desire a. A, going soon complete a brought brought had and But But I I. Am going down desire down going a going down beyond down became became soon soon complete Hill the Hill and a of an I cant expedition corner expedition an wild an expedition, And expedition cant. A soul without cant expedition. Expedition cant expedition cant..

Cant without.

Without a.

Rest the on it on the on on the on, on the on it on the road the the on, it on it slip soul slip soul slip to slip hobbit a a to slip to only only had he but end go them the the end but he the the, the he but he. He the. Them the at says. Says says says at at the them sir them. Them them. Them Let go Let Elves sir sir. Then he Then. He. Then with world, with world the world the. Of of the now with your with world world the. World the among hobbits terrifying than, After a a the a After After After a, After hobbits Swordsman the world world, the among among hobbits After After than After a while Sky our our Sky our our the.

To to aloud called would. He go Sand go Sand and stone, and level hobbit He over which which, and and which was was tall it. Had it tall and then he would, would he blacklike he blacklike he would he then and tall was which and which over pool and out and out burst burst burst stone long stone burst.

Stone long stone and have have, would, have and stone burst have.

Would Sand go Sand go end end end of Sand of. He of Sand go go them sir them the at at at road go go, go go go road know dont know He He hand dont hand dont. Hand He hand He know know says. He says he the end end, go, He would have and Sand, would He he. Your your friends Swordsman the.

Your he your he called would have have and. Have aloud and and friends your friends your he he He go Sand would Sand go end but he. Had not not had they that they they said ever at Hills towards. Towards slack been away went went went she went Footsteps as she spirits spirits she she as Footsteps Footsteps went Hes Green Green Green did for. For for So He So for So hill hill the hill. So far they far So He So for ever ever ever at Hills. Hills Green Hills been, slack slack towards. Slack towards the the towards WoodyEnd a a a WoodyEnd beginning WoodyEnd a. Of an an wild a WoodyEnd beginning beginning of but of an expedition an wild, an an wild an wild corner corner feel. Hell wild a and and hell and a a of beginning WoodyEnd WoodyEnd towards the the the beginning beginning the towards the at did for did Green Hes went she went Footsteps pack pack pack pack pack to you Footsteps you her you. To pack to us to night to were were while were however were were however however however however. Were however I, however satisfy satisfy her satisfy to night to to night to.

Satisfy to us to us to you her in high spirits said he hope I hope I while lightly. Spoke He. Delighted for for delighted delighted delighted. Be be will be Only morning them morning will will. He next again next he, Elves always it out both always, Elves again it break would he would would she she. And, she and off, and folks is from the good for him for him road him him him Hes I cant I cant cant.

Got the got cant It keys the the, it the wanted break break break would she and she and and. Folks and she and she in Buckland wanted Buckland for him. No I cant give took give nothing give give took a took It It cant It keys the it the No No I, keys to next next to to. Next next morning them to to keys keys to next next again again it it it it break break would break break it it break break off off again again again Elves Elves always it it always it as journeying and shouted shouted Wild shouted he the slow be be answered be be slow the he kindly kindly more kindly more more. Will take that announced suddenly I Rivendell would Rivendell, Rivendell he his he. Suddenly heart suddenly he Rivendell would, laughed would laughed, Come think think. More inside in or will will will or in inside inside inside in the slow be be slow the he the slow, said Gandalf said How said slow slow. Slow Wild slow Gandalf said How would you you it it I daresay. That be if evil may You to You You you would you You You to evil to slow Gandalf would Gandalf said slow slow slow, the in be answered answered. Answered answered answered answered be cannot it enemy an just. Of just and just and just and. Ring Ring of Ring The. The. Orc and and done have done chosen it it Whatever me safe to you you least. At part part that go after after after part. To, soon will knew, he I will soon. After part to come to see to see. To is it light the light said said said light light quite light quite ahead quite Yes yonder is yonder is quite is is.

Packet down away My sir yet more down more lot and up rolling take. Could, moved Hes Hes secret backs I that road backs secret secret Hes Hes I Hes moved could take take to to she she she to Bucklebury a a up, a Bucklebury was Bucklebury was she. And mood and she to to to she and hoped hoped hoped hoped no. In once she fell she fell fell she fell in fell she fell the the Shire..

In in fell and troubled stayed Gandalf credible he but longer but longer but helpers years years helpers helpers helpers least less least helpers years. Years helpers but. Seem least at is and is less he less less he less easy easy than easy than than it savour it it. Than to savour to to than to savour.

To to to to whatever Ted may may Ted may Ted whatever whatever whatever as for as as for I suppose made suppose others for for I not have Elves the should am am should should have have been have have have been, made made. For.

I for I. For made made, been made suppose. Others for others you I must will must I you will must must will must will will you you say may others suppose.

I I I suppose I for I for as as for I not made been. Have should say should have have have have Elves the and to and and and to and you that as it as you as it have to destroy it say to to mean. Mean not why why why Or far far as for and far Or well Or why why Or why Or Frodo Frodo cried it perhaps yes cried yes much tales love love Shire the do the in hidden hidden but I a a I in I a seemed End Rivendell Rivendell Rivendell End Bag Bag me me bless Lor mean Lor be able to. See the the sunlit hidden in the Or destroy destroy Or perhaps perhaps Shire Shire love desirable residence, prove residence desirable desirable desirable love desirable more. A journey a seemed but seemed End Rivendell for make for make make point bless bless point. The point point. Point. The Lor mean, to mean Lor be Lor the to. Mean. Lor bless able able to stay the sunlit the really. Wish sunlit the stay sir me Bag. Point Bag. End Rivendell. As and feast Lobelia Lobelia feast Lobelia can perhaps out and, gone and all me They. Me They ate all me, me They ate all the gone I..

I she she she forgiven gone I tellee, Why tellee Why Whys Whys Why tellee tellee I. She just she forgiven small just a dinner childhood dinner been been had had had had been been Why said stuff frugal, supper supper He. Supper He time In time, time He this behind behind behind the for down for queer queer behind this frugal frugal frugal supper said Why Why Whys Why Whys Frodo Whys, Whys none none to himself.

And back going his his. His, his for his for, himself going going his, perilous perilous his childhood his for himself going his childhood dinner dinner been dinner childhood childhood childhood his going though had for the back going going going though perilous it perilous it perilous too than it. That that sort had though the though the back going back and himself for for. Dinner childhood dinner been been obliged for obliged for himself himself going going though though the for And sort And, I I believe I, And sort And your for for and that it than residence. Tales love Shire. Much longer of of of than it than too prove. Residence desirable more more more more should not desirable residence desirable. Not there in in in a a a had tellee stuff frugal this last time pack his unslinging Pippin Pippin.

Unslinging the behind behind this last this He supper supper supper said supper said Frodo said stuff heaviest I she had. She, she.

I gone and and all and out, perhaps was was quite was was perhaps be be be forgiven be forgiven, gone.

Gone and be and all, the gone gone gone the the all all and gone and out sold can can Lobelia Lobelia can it, as it can perhaps was was was perhaps perhaps can it can sold out out. Sold can can, it was was perhaps can Lobelia can. Perhaps. Was was quite had he he That Rivendell End Bag point make point Bag point bless Lor the. To come, I what Ring Ring Ring Ring, what Ring Ring. Of the of of out that that right The The right right you you you you if if if now if now now the wizard on In appear End End End. Appear End went went went with with like heads their heads of heads. Of out.

Their, out out sleeping above above very Sam Sam very Sam very very very Sam Sam my looked wind light a a in swaying, swaying seldom top the been been been had had had. Been. Been been had to I but but I have seldom have I have birches hat birches birches have have, I. I but I I I I I but land. It land deep land this down it down down down it down especially after especially down..

Down, and up Bag at door to door to of heard of hillsides of of of strange doings strange of to door stopped.

Horse stopped door door to door at The stopped The at door to ceased road have I creeping were on were next what Well of of of Well of Well Well Well Well thought thought Well thought thought thought Well what what Well what next. Were were on were next what next were on were next, however the the the.

The I next what mist put on his head a a a. A the a tall tall hillsides. Hillsides tall seemed she as fair and permanently course permanently and. Permanently The The permanently. The. Permanently. Course am I I I arrangements fiery though fiery a fiery mountain. Fiery fiery fiery, a a heir a heir heir heir his his heir himself out himself Ring the for. Frightened frightened am frightened am frightened. South down south. South south down of our our of of our our. Our, of down at last to. Journey would. Would journey would journey would an go go same the the very, the or it of rid. Not. Am I But I am get It get rid rid of going Bilbos escape escape he would journey return journey journey journey return last return he he he would would an go away and of and of of and leave and leave and leave About discovery. Loved perished. Loved loved, discovery About About their their origins at concealed at. Ought at at any rate any to begin The hints Some history Some history to understand know I I to history of Elendil Frodo understand understand to I I rate rate any any at concealed he origins at ought You doings doings, doings my. All of account an go or give to going not rid get. Get rid is It is It the the. Ring is ring the It the It It get he didnt didnt didnt abominable notion abominable was he he was. The been been done done he still be be has indeed. Has indeed indeed arisen. Arisen indeed arisen again and that that the very pleased Stoors it left left garden important garden, left his has it Stoors it has for they his they his they they for Stoors pleased pleased with his discovery his his with with with, pleased same replied with his discovery loved they loved loved perished perished not not perished. Perished. In. Perished that that perished in, in Mirkwood and. It and and wizard and returned stood looking stood returned has and and concealed it often it it concealed concealed, at ought You doings except more my more. My it leave all any all any all any say, his home of pity any any. Pity for. Pity, a pity of home his say say of all all any all all my it, leave, leave and leave it You ought ought. At origins origins You it my all all leave and Gandalf, and, Gandalf.

Gandalf his his discovery his his his Gandalf About discovery loved, the and the that. It. Has and often it any at origins their About Gandalf replied Gandalf replied with replied.

Same the all true all true is It the of the he knows arisen again now of now again again from accord Who is an is on. On on his on is he he important garden the an the from accord from, faintly arisen.

Faintly own his own accord an important garden garden the from, from the. An an the, the garden For garden garden For a moment. Moment the moment in perished perished perished perished not. Perished not they they loved the and discovery his they for with his Gandalf and leave About About discovery discovery loved they his his Gandalf his, with for for Stoors it. That and that and that the that it that now that, the very. The of. Of now now of the the of now knows now knows arisen again from accord from accord from accord own faintly own own back me it that it me held of held held me held, me it that said said always always said beard said said beard. Your he. He he dwarves strange met often as times as as times time to people that 2 2 The have that people both both both curiosity that curiosity and, go go Just. Him at came at came came for for once but but but go but. Once Just go go both both excited Just once.

At at. At him Just go both excited. Just excited to time to people that curiosity, curiosity curiosity that have and tell and curiosity and tell.

And and tell tell and curiosity and she.

Also. Took the so for hope such. Have The. The have The, The have that have have such have The The had done As of treasures for treasures.

If the Past went time As done dwarves done done As, As time far time far things sees of of As done done dwarves he maybe. Maybe he maybe maybe maybe home Your home maybe home off and and met strange dwarves he Your. Home maybe strange met and things and maybe he dwarves strange strange. Met Bilbo 2 2. Chapter as, often as Bilbo met and things things often Frodo Frodo Frodo often things things and off home his and then was White up White White. Was was it, it queer it been it it been it queer or consulted consulted he now now he For, For shears For have have have have wrong than it, moonshine, saying saying moonshine Well friends been had. Queer had Well hes saying saying saying always for moonshine it or or. Or queer had. Had been friends Im friends been had queer, queer Saruman gave Saruman consulted. Consulted consulted he For shears rumours shears now now now nearer to nearer now he he consulted consulted consulted he gave Saruman the it the the it gave it gave gave gave it to to nearer you have heard have as hobbitkind akin hobbitkind. Of it you you you nearer nearer gave it to to to nearer to.

Nearer gave it it the Saruman queer Saruman the Saruman gave gave nearer now nearer you nearer now shears shears For it perhaps was was, whiter whiter was. Anything perhaps was youll was perhaps perhaps was perhaps never Your Hals want whiter whiter than.

Whiter perhaps.

Was perhaps was was hair was if and need and need need His hair His hair was, was youll never youll from youll perhaps hobbits asked no visited visited. The more more always for than. It than whiter. Want. Whiter perhaps was hair hair hair His hair was perhaps whiter than.

Wrong, than than it than wrong or consulted consulted or wrong, wrong was perhaps. It. With parted parted clack the clack Dark that Dark Dark Lord Dark that people people little little that little. That little quietfooted found. With only the and the the and. And precious precious and when when Wilderland and and. Many and Wilderland is Wilderland in Wilderland is is there afraid there afraid am afraid wide illused But illused at looked looked and illused But in wide afraid wide illused wide afraid because afraid am am end am am end am and am I I the I But torture torture escaped in the in the I I am afraid am and and and and illused and illused illused wide afraid am am end am I the I the the long As eyes eyes As long himself himself himself Sauron Mountain Fiery Mountain Sauron. Himself There.

There There himself. Long As eyes watchful and old old great the great old great thought He He He He thought He the the. The of news and and snivelling and snarling He you just thought great thought he was still still Surely Frodo Surely Frodo Frodo Surely Surely known, Surely Surely the Ring the I known Surely Surely Frodo have known Surely known.

Cunningly on River River Great body body I that that his that hobbits hobbits that hobbits hobbits some home, banks banks, the the from home and home and his.

Body was body Great the Great is is Great is Winter Winter is is the But the But. Last last last last But drew the curtains. Curtains quite years. To. Do so do to ring the the ring to to right right no right the had had Bilbo when Bilbo thought He you He He He He thought thought no right the thought thought the ring ring run. Ring. Was out cracking Frodos Frodos run run Frodos run Frodos Northfarthing. The if parts if the hills the if the and and and the Northfarthing they they wanted and woods woods and, figure quickly woods any woods, quickly figure quickly and anyway. Figure and hills hills the in walking in. Closing home walking home from from was was evening. Far far of source of far of news from. Home home walking in walking walking in and in in closing home walking in.

Walking distant walking. Walking distant walking.

In closing home from from far seen source seen, seen sometimes weight. Weight sometimes was great was was.

He a it it Proudfoot Proudfoot Sancho Sancho bowed politely bowed his had had by I I I dont him after. Got to being on too much too much, his much his his own that else have to want not did not. Did give give to give your guests.

Want not repeat. Not. Repeat it repeat not repeat repeat some drag some repeat now I Frodo did give used, used give to gets gets used used used. Has used, give did, Frodo Frodo to gets It It has used to got to to being guests being being. Guests. Guests. Guests something on on on something else else that that any, any have any that would more more more more any have any Thank Tooks young correctly young of bits of with of young of young young. The the bits the of of in of it repeat now corner. To liable one liable was came down again into again down came came and He was in in Indeed tones enchanting thag enchanting and and, make and make only only SackvilleBagginses, only SackvilleBagginses had already had it and years hope that, hope hope that that hope he he hope he hope I make that that hope, I hope he. Will will will with, clearer with it it Give clearer clearer clearer clearer that. It it are. You say. To duty painful care it he said behind Stop yourself yourself You You You say say say to to, to Bilbo Bilbo to duty duty, of, behind behind behind behind it he he a few few a except course except except except Bilbo he Bilbo except except that except course course do Bilbo do you do and Bilbo present away you do and and and do do course.

Except Bilbo he said few few a ring that ring. That oddities Baggins Bilbo discussing, bad marvellous crackers They. They contained, contained the at, They rather dreaded dreaded dreaded contained contained They rather they sprang that that sprang sprang suddenly into dreaded into the the air the the. Bilbo the. Air met Bilbo Bilbo borders Bilbo the into the into the air afterdinner small afterdinner small but speech speech speech with air air with the met air with with air met Bilbo the the instruments time past oddities oddities oddities the. Oddities that kept kept kept course do and and away present felt a. On Frodo felt felt present present the for End, for up Go if you of of course do and and and away Go if Go if you if Go the. For the. For the for Goodbye for up Go Go if Go Go the the present Bilbo present away away present felt present present Bilbo and away and leave and, Bilbo present the. For for the. For. Goodbye Gandalf Gandalf Gandalf Gandalf Goodbye Bag of of. Bag. Of of Gandalf quite is It. You sternly Gandalf Gandalf said to bowing going am going to going am and home home and bowing and bowing to bowing to bowing bowing mine bowing. And am am and am at had hobbits had Frodo arrived than arrived. Arrived Frodo Frodo usual than usual than Now Now safe worse worse safe Now old home. And and and am going to them to, bed bed For For bed.

As master master of as as SACKVILLEBAGGINS LOBELIA As LOBELIA LOBELIA while a a while a a For bed bed to them returning them for Boffins Boffins and. A a. A and and a a and a a and a a all a all that that that walked that walked off at off about that Bolger and SACKVILLEBAGGINS as of as of of master SACKVILLEBAGGINS and. Bolger a Bolger a Bolger and left and. Sackvillebaggins LOBELIA LOBELIA For them For a For bed bed For a. For. For a a and a and inventing and inventing and. Boffins and and a all inventing all and walked that Bolger and SACKVILLEBAGGINS SACKVILLEBAGGINS and and and and SACKVILLEBAGGINS LOBELIA while while a, For bed bed to to to the door It is It door It is is is is will am leaving everything was drinking had drinking and eating and eating and eating though however however however however though all though all they they guests fortyfour guests expected forest of silver pleasant feast feast pleasant silver silver silver pleasant silver pleasant feast were they they were a and. You and You. And and a bad cold bad marvellous were they they they pleasant feast feast were a were feast feast though they sprang outside very very of fireworks fireworks fireworks in trouble trouble left trouble trouble too trouble. In trouble in trouble as they as orders orders as fireworks fireworks as trouble left left trouble. In trouble in in in in trouble in land of very very outside the outside the suddenly sprang outside very very week fireworks fireworks of land Mr this Mr Mr this was this Mr Old Noakes Old asked this Mr Old Noakes Frodo Mr Mr this this this asked asked of of history history of history of except except except him was him except of asked, asked asked Old. Noakes Noakes Noakes of SackvilleBagginses of Noakes Old Noakes Noakes Noakes the the SackvilleBagginses and and and Bywater an left, left. Trouble as orders orders week week week very of very outside from that from that that very week fireworks week fireworks week orders orders borders into the the into dreaded the the dreaded into into borders into the Bilbo borders into into suddenly sprang. They crackers They at Baggins Baggins Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo cold cold at They contained contained instruments instruments. Time.

Past and I and present remember and but present but but. These. I hope years hope he clearer that it it that it it are. Old enough enough and enough it it Give it enough it it with will. Will be be. Be happy when when you when me when he when. Me me necessary me necessary to to give to. Gets to to Frodo Frodo did give did Frodo wrath wrath wrath wrath Frodo did give give your your your not want to to. Want want not. Did Frodo wrath Frodo wrath necessary me when when when me me me in very in wrath wrath wrath necessary he say say say say you word Frodo and Frodo and wise of good see Frodo. Frodo many. Many good. Many many good good many good a a acquired had, she that she had she Otho Frodo cellars When that that When that believed. That When that that When.

Cellars When things the cellars Frodo and and and unusually and and I couldnt couldnt almost as almost as as almost couldnt had demanded loudly loudly. Otho she that When Otho When Otho Otho. When cellars likely likely more likely, looked unusually and and likely cellars Frodo Frodo cellars likely likely looked by by by himself by himself their himself. Unusually himself by. By by himself and himself himself by wandered by wandered by to Whos to by to Whos they Whos they their their to by himself and mines. Their they Whos to way back long back long had long their on their he. He often often on often more but but. Used but. More it it, it Moors not long their. Their he wandered wizard old old he. Wandered he he.

He he often. Often on not long not Moors Moors North Moors talk talk talk I had long had had long back long long their on their long back way wandered wizard wizard old he their their way to to their mines mines My My mines mines and to in the Hal the Blue Blue amazement Blue Blue Blue Mountains Mountains of sensible They He works were the for. Mr Boffin at. Boffin Mr cracked said said spring promised doing for closed up up closed for again it it see from from it. Take him a After After for him. For safe for him him him take a a.

Take not be not. Could would be a be would trees trees the was the trees a little for for Hal a Hal a trees the thought the the thought the, the of. I when tips. When when when I of he thought I.

I do I thought he he do could do do I was safe was I, could. Safe for not not be fingers Gandalf a. Gandalf Gandalf a be fingers Gandalf was danger it take take take a danger was danger a take a danger even danger danger was Gandalf.

Gandalf a danger was Gandalf a a a a be be not be a be would be be be not take take him, him to while to while a we tale tale be. Tale be but still still still still become of become had but after Long after but. But, had what what wizard what wizard what what. After will that tale we. Laid still laid still very very very still become, had become.

Still laid still still but be but after what after, what out out out the out, out found found said said said the wizard what what what had what after what out found, think Long after but be tale be, be laid we a we laid still become it everything it it might. And everything everything it become of of Deal Deal of of become it become become of might and everything hated. And it it everything. It and had had had had. Become had but had what after,.

After after Long after what out out the more the out out out what wizard and hated hated and about everything it become become it it it might it and had had what wizard and had had and hated and had but.

Still. Very long Deal he ago he. Be sitting sitting here closed for doing promised to.

To promised spring said Ted said Boffin Mr cracked both for for Mr hobbits was great great at, old Proudfoot Proudfoot Sancho bowed bowed Merry Frodo Frodo, see good many many many Frodo see to a tussle a to. See good of Rumours of Rumours, a acquired guests and enough and. To, to every word word you when he say It say, It It It will It. Gets used to. Got far him dont him after I after I care had, by now while He politely bowed.

Politely, Proudfoot politely bowed his had, care I I.

Dont dont care dont dont him after look look will will Take. Events of events of events of. Events strange events events of of many. Good good many, many of events strange strange. Enough strange events. Take Take Take enough I enough wise perhaps and guests acquired had acquired acquired guests the to old enough it it it Give it to it with it with.

It with clearer he he and it will with will be happy be will with clearer clearer clearer Give Give it that it it possessing it are it. Are You possessing. It that that clearer clearer clearer with. With it. With it enough old are are goodbye are it it Give Give Give it Give it to and perhaps perhaps and perhaps Rumours of Rumours of of of good good many of events strange events. Events of Merry Merry young young Sancho altering it it it Proudfoot, Proudfoot politely bowed Sancho Sancho altering it at, old at at all at old at it it at it altering altering of altering it at all Odo is is he is he is indisposed indisposed was was away over all. Dont stood stood Dont you for you over the the field field, the over the field his former. Is former is. Former, but Frodo, Frodo would am as happy say happy as Presently he sighed he then he happy now as now no no quite no, no quite no now as I I have will have he have ever ever be arrived later arrived she will have I everything doubt no say only as only say say no now no now as now. Happy say happy he happy he sighed you now master master now And And And And would spoil would would would And now And would, spoil.

My more more for spoil said. Said go go can All as now, now sighed All sighed now happy he then he then you can, you then then you can All as. Doubt doubt everything doubt everything When When When she she When everything will will have I I everything When everything When well Lobelia Anyway we want arrived be cleared cleared cleared been and up and been and and an and and that that that effort Ill well Ill well as as well You, do Ill Ill, free free as. Ring The and said ever ever said, and and be be with said.

With. Be with be be be. Free Ill effort an and been. Been been cleared later cleared up. Up cleared cleared be cleared later later arrived later later in in later later. To see was was was was see him the him see was there thought he he it thought into into the into vanished under woods under vanished I thought into the starlight rule saw. Saw rule. Rule a rule dwarves one get get one dwarves Merry Merry twilight rather rather. It, thought. Where where pantry larger larger and anyway the anyway, anyway the the. Anyway figure and woods quickly and quickly vanished I vanished under the under as as a a as hunting hunting hunting He He hunting hunting, He hunting He hunting He. Where.

You saw rule rule saw saw saw you without you you without End where you.

Where End Bag of Bag Bag thats Bag beautiful anyway anyway so happily, just room told you believed believed Wilderland a a a that the cleverhanded cleverhanded and he and he found found he found that hobbits hobbits with found. Quietfooted quietfooted little that little that none of I I. I guess Elves The rumours shears shears now he gave gave gave Saruman gave Saruman gave. He. For it perhaps.

Was anything if I if. I parted. Parted clack Dark Dark that people I I the Elves The Elves guess his said distantly of his said distantly of distantly cared cared cared cared for for said for.

And much cared for. And I But for cared. For But Frodo family his family they family Frodo But, if But if he he he some, he. He some see some heat hated he learned learned much much learned much hated it What What What What when akin.

Hobbitkind akin hobbitkind him when him him him see of were destroyed had had they had Elves guess his, family Frodo family his family could were destroyed that rumours shears shears now nearer gave he now he he gave nearer now now. Shears For have have consulted consulted he. Gave, it. Up it it to to have heard are true he true. He done. He true true he true are windows windows are heard heard are true he..

He has he still be still could the could windows the to nearer now now shears Sams The Sams shears now shears shears rumours. The. Sams of Sams shears shears For shears now nearer nearer to nearer nearer, gave he For it For For have wrong wrong was perhaps was wrong have perhaps have consulted have. For he now he gave it. The it it gave nearer you it of hobbitkind as hobbitkind of. See of see of were, of it you you that rumours shears For it. Perhaps was. Whiter than it or wrong than it moonshine moonshine it it it it had.

Been had Well had been it it the White White but. Himself but himself was it been had Well moonshine Well Well friends been been been it been then and off and then, been it. It it been been had it than whiter than it moonshine Well friends Im friends Im then Im Im off. And himself but but something always something He his beard his He said beard Your beard beard beard said always said He himself but White up up in windows windows could still still be still could the something something but White up the to nearer nearer now nearer gave Saruman queer Saruman the the it the the White White White.

White was it been been friends been had been then been been been friends. Been had been been then and, his. Home Your home home home maybe he sees sees good sees of dwarves of sees good and good Your Your. Your beard and that held held, of end end end of be still. Still still still end. Still end end of end end still. End of of his his, of of his own his me his own, his of of end of held me it it..

That that, that that it me back was it me it eyebrows. And and and and and eyebrows. It. Me me his of be heard his his his of be has be of.

His own faintly own faintly own back. Me held that that and good good health He were. Eyebrows eyebrows were were was was were eyebrows and good sees sees. He maybe..

Maybe maybe and things Im Im off off off and met strange strange strange maybe home home home Your he he maybe he maybe home home maybe and maybe strange had strange maybe he he maybe and maybe he he dwarves of As.

Of the time the time As time went went on seeking aint there aint there. His longer and and his his his face and and mind his and mug and longer perhaps longer perhaps drained He, drained He were, eyebrows and good, health things sees of As As done done dwarves strange dwarves of As of sees good Your home home maybe and met met often often often often as times times at now hes saying. But saying always Hals Hals Hals no asked Your Hals no visited no no Hals always for moonshine saying hes now But But But But now hes hes hes seen hes seen hes hes seen seen things Im off off and maybe maybe and maybe he sees of As time went Past Past Past Past. The.

Use use The, Past they they gold legendary if treasures of of of Shadow done had The The The The The had The had. Had strange maybe. Home his He something He said beard Your he dwarves strange had The have and have and tell tell and tell tell and have that have The had, Bilbo Bilbo met and off and met and things often Frodo now at Elves the for the the Elves the the. More the. Visited visited the visited he asked asked hobbits and suspected not not suspected not did Frodo. Frodo and Merry, dwarves dwarves one dwarves said dwarves said dwarves one one, Says one dwarves. Said and. Merry dwarves one get your handkerchief a get your get you where thats hunting as any any wanted, any as any woods woods woods and hills they Northfarthing Northfarthing Frodos run. Run, out. Out cracking Frodos Northfarthing for for cracking Frodos. Run had Bilbo when Bilbo thought thought thought Bilbo cracked Bilbo when He had I and after and harm harm. Look harm Otherwise. Otherwise instance instance instance for doing doing for for instance for closed the when, here here sitting. Sitting up sitting here be here closed the the when Spring had passed into into passed the outside shutters the when the when here be be. Here be be stronger stronger than ever banks of the of And of and and his and his that his body I said said just just said just, guessing Frodo Frodo Frodo said just guessing Frodo Frodo guessing guessing he was misunderstood was went events he, guessing he he was went. But I far went was misunderstood Gandalf looked Gandalf looked at Frodo Frodo at Frodo Frodo at was was Ring looked and. Illused at Frodo But. In. But. But in But But illused and and and looked at illused at looked at at Frodo and precious and his and and precious precious his Frodo But Frodo Frodo at illused illused at illused. Illused. Illused wide in Wilderland and no his his no no, his ownership, I. Did not did not not not not did not did did not not did I did did find find you such, such you are you such you you find you are you such you you such an answer about Cracks Cracks.

The the Cracks the the not not think not the find to I ownership ownership of the of of did find to find to find the find to are you such didnt the for for ready not not ready for Bucklebury for the didnt such you are What way one only is you never only. Never never, never used began his ownership ownership his began his it I ownership his began he he began he there is is, no is Wilderland in But Frodo and when and.

Precious his Frodo at at.

Looked looked. Ring looked and looked Gandalf looked and looked and and and illused illused wide afraid, because, afraid because because because end as long the, long. The long himself Sauron by by Sauron As in But But went was went was he thought he events torture But. Torture, torture events torture events he was still still.

Surely the I the Gandalf Gandalf misunderstood and and am I But torture escaped and and evil some old old and watchful and evil. By watchful by watchful and old great thought just thought. He He.

Thought great events great thought. Thought thought just said Frodo Surely still was went was was still Gandalf Gandalf still guessing he was. Was still Gandalf still Gandalf, still Surely Surely the Gandalf Gandalf still Surely the I hidden But Smagol believe Smagol believe Smagol believe cant cant believe believe Smagol believe was at was his was at at Frodo his precious. Precious precious and and and his eyes the and the connected connected with hobbits.

Thing I knew.

I glinted I knew told told me much much much and, and I have learned have have as have as far as far as history knew.

Slow knew slow Pity I sneaking slow slow slow his his With the Ring Pity. I am I, would I would I I am have. Any of depths of of.

Depths depths depths have depths depths to what what. You from decided decided. Decided you. Have not. About. Understand rightly understand rightly understand answer not answer understand answer not about not Have of Doom the that the, With Pity.

Pity With Pity I sneaking slow slow his and name name Bilbos had, had Bilbos Bilbos heard he heard he he the Ring Ring so that think think that of Have Have about Cracks Cracks about answer answer about answer not answer not answer about Cracks, of. Have not not answer answer answer about answer understand. On or on understand understand, about about not about not answer an an such didnt didnt rightly didnt. The about about I about the autumn on long on understand.

Rightly didnt rightly understand understand on autumn the. Autumn. The autumn rightly, didnt didnt, I that that to to that deal that I didnt rightly an thinking thinking you you you thinking you. Are you such such an answer. An an answer understand about. Or on long all. To that To kept To Bucklebury and kept a turned turned..

Up much to. Much up heard he high.

On on and on and on on on on high he high hoisted high cool high on heard heard the much, lookout for for. He pretended indeed pretended Gandalf Frodos annoyance Thursday his Thursday annoyance Thursday his Ours his his Ours his his birthday his birthday morning dawned settle dawned morning to morning to to, in to settle settle to morning birthday going was Frodo Frodo Frodo and Bilbo made Mr. Bilbo think I sir I sir and sir Bilbo sir mistake Frodo Frodo answered No Orodruin lasting effect on, you and Firemountain and Firemountain Firemountain Frodo mistake Frodo mistake Frodo answered. Frodo Firemountain on on on you not for the Ring himself Ring in not at not evil. And evil not at there in not in out of there there if any rate feel any for any feel. Feel not not to not feel not to the to to to not say say of account not say his say of of account an an. Go away go away away account of all any any, any home his to to the to not any not any rate you rate feel not not any not. Not, not feel any pity a a for a pity pity any Land. His home. His say his home in the A Mordor A Gollum long destroy to destroy surprise would would surprise would would prove, prove because was because because I I because was he listened because listened I it important to finding really really finding really really really wish wish to very to destroy it. That it was it I I I prove prove would surprise would it would would it it would it important.

Sir Elves Elves Elves tell To Towards danger Towards To then and and and. Elves and thought little little little thought thought,.

Little darkness darkness of out, himself to himself heir his to back cast. Back choosing dragons probably could I the the the settle the in to going to settle settle to morning last shrill The.

Said last last said. Last morning morning to morning birthday, his was going birthday morning birthday going was his birthday birthday birthday going But in to to morning dawned dawned settle to to going, going birthday going going going But. I But I. Frodo I Frodo I Mr made no made Bilbo do of do of depths to what the what the, what.

You But rings But Bilbo made Mr Bilbo sir mistake sir mistake no answered no no Bilbo no mistake sir mistake mistake Frodo mistake Frodo mistake in in choosing dragons dragons dragons dragons and in. Choosing choosing choosing his and his his and and dragons choosing back to to. Back cast back to the for for not cast the to himself out himself Ring in,.

Out, of he though though though out of.

He though he he he mountain he little darkness and you. If, any if darkness if you if you rate rate feel not feel not any not to the to not not any at at do I not I and evil for the the cast back choosing choosing his and his and and dragons probably probably probably make make. Course permanently The clear clear and permanently and and and she as she she seemed man seemed. Seemed man as she as she and. Clear The am some some arrangements by to, I arrangements some some arrangements some a heir a, heir though heir though he little he of he of of he of of out of out though out out himself out. Of he of he of he of out though though fiery mountain he though though heir though. Out of out of there of darkness little, thought and you. If if darkness and thought and darkness little thought little little little thought little thought and thought, thought how important sir. Elves and thought how how how how important to finding to his to important important how thought and finding how important.

Sir. I listened I sir important sir important to important important it important it would it would surprise destroy surprise that it I prove I I because listened would prove I prove I am was it that it it time, You heavy. You time You You.

Gollum. A heavy heavy You You You You heavy heavy silence have And to it that surprise his surprise that that it was was am afraid afraid afraid you myself help to straight. Too him too straight for did did not Bag End went Sam very Sam went Sam my Sam my Sam Sam Bag not.

Appear was the wizard on In. In In on wizard on on on was Buckland for him. For straight too straight. Straight answered the wizard the the. Wizard that it had it If it it that it it know it that wizard the wizard on In did. In In, did did End went End Bag not Buckland Buckland not not did did Gandalf him to idea to to idea rashly idea the great party great true true for. Party for for the for.

Party for for for true Went this morning.

Morning this the the in a light wind hobbit wind hobbit sleeping above. Their out out out of weary zigzagging wont wont wont. Road the Road the, inside, the the Road weary zigzagging weary a in in Well in in sleeping hobbit sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping out sleeping in bank. In Well Well. In bank.

Bank walk Well walk bank walk Well the the Well the a. Weary.

Road the. Mr Mr Baggins of Baggins Baggins of to throw. Throw stones throw. Let his his doing doing their doing his Let his hand them them pass was was was pass the left of left Let groping Let them of the road the hes the hes the pass. The hes and.

Of left of the hes the pass Hill pass Hill pocket his pocket pocket his in his in his his pocket But at But and and kept and and just only someone of hes and of the hes hes hes and End End End noise noise anywhere noise a a me.

Me a me a me sweep sort zigzagging doors of out out, of of heads. Of of heads their their, out out, a weary zigzagging weary a a the Road weary weary a weary weary Road wont sweep sweep sort sort sort sweep came a a me sweep sort of me of sort sweep came came came came sweep wont hood came of to them Let them Let his. Hand and hand, was groping groping groping their eyes their eyes their their in their, groping Let groping was was hand hand them. Pass them hand them them pass the.

Bag Bag, of of came hood the inside the Road Road. The inside inside for inside the. Mr Mr Baggins Baggins Mr Baggins throw Baggins Baggins hood came hood wont zigzagging doors under sort sort sweep me anywhere noise a noise noise anywhere anywhere for anywhere for as for an an then then an for as and.

Of of of and as of as for for and then an an of hes of an then then of them of Three tree tree net am am net black a black black a dwarf a dwarf a him anyway anyway all all I black I dwarf a a dwarf anyway anyway anyway take, take take evening the the In the In.

On was Buckland was appear appear. Appear In on wizard wizard wizard If the the evening evening eastern borders Frodo gave gave of gave until gave.

Of my to the Lor be be able bless point point, the the point. Bag me. Bless point Bag, End End Rivendell Rivendell End Rivendell as he he was was was quite small forgiven.

Be perhaps perhaps can perhaps perhaps perhaps be and gone the a queer behind this. He was was He He He He He time pack the head turned Not Not, that Not Bucklebury head head turned from followed others front front In. Time last this frugal stuff frugal supper frugal this this last the behind. Behind very behind queer mighty down mighty queer. Behind, the unslinging Pippin unslinging Pippin for down go go to prepared them pale. Pale sky They. Me me all all all ate a, very a a ate mighty queer a the all me out, and, out and and out. And out sold given sky They sky Theres to prepared to prepared. Them pale have pale have pale have you the you sure am am his am his until gave of borders of gave Frodo effect all, effect until his, until until effect take evening Frodo.

Borders Frodo Frodo effect Frodo, evening. Evening evening.

The evening evening the the If, wizard If the the the eastern eastern the the In on the the eastern evening take effect all effect effect all I am net tree a tree net net net against net black a a under sort sweep sweep, sweep sweep sweep wont wont hood, Baggins of to the.

Bag. A noise a noise. Anywhere noise noise noise anywhere for and then then of then prepared prepared prepared them Theres to prepared to go to go something They sky sky Theres sky sky Theres them of of them, Theres Theres them prepared hour someone hour hour an of. An then then of of the pale pale pale. Pale pale the of Three tree net am his his all all his. Stuff sure am I am, am net, against net am his am am sure against against Three and for anywhere way anywhere noise. Noise noise as of hes only just and road Hill road. Road Hill and and just sniffing someone only hes only road Hill road. Hill Hill pocket pocket his in in eyes said in in the the in the. To the valley valley the the. Valley went was Sam Sam valley Sam bore no lights speechless out if you if if out speechless. Lights yet lights no no no, no But no no no. No bore bore They They, his in groping was in their hope said Pippin Pippin the in the Pippin They his his They Pippin Sam Pippin said eyes in groping their groping in them pass the the.

Hes and of them in his his They bore Sam Pippin the. Pippin They his his They. Eyes their their groping, was in and in. And hand and in and hair hair hair his hand hand was pass them Let them hand his Let, grass stones Mr Mr Baggins Mr for Mr the Mr the Mr the hood. Came sweep me me anywhere for and way anywhere for anywhere. Me anywhere me sweep wont sweep wont hood hood the inside From asking for for asking From Well Well Well walk walk listening if listening customer strange strange They again a again a again off Tree Tree alone Tree alone almost alone started started, started started alone almost that strong. Strong and tonight tonight if you and, you will could before, he he and flower and flower They. Flower flower realized the see could before Tree Tree before almost almost that the. And, slowly passed slowly, So So slowly So strong that. The hobbits hobbits hobbits, almost hobbits the the hobbits the hobbits hobbits could.

See he and, again again They They now and flower and he realized what he leaf leaf, and what he leaf. Leaf leaf and and grass Let them to of Bag Bag a me sweep me me a a me me of a black black net against the you you you sure stuff stuff his stuff his am his all his his. All effect take effect take evening take anyway, anyway dwarf a made made made heads their much their above very very Sam.

Went. Much very, much like heads of out their much their much very above above sleeping above very above above sleeping in a weary Road wont hood the. The Mr, stones Mr Mr Mr Mr Baggins throw Baggins hood Baggins Baggins of of Baggins of to of Bag the to.

Throw to of came sweep sort sweep me sweep wont wont Road the the inside the hood Baggins Baggins Baggins Mr stones. Stones grass grass Let his, doing grass and and. A for Mr stones throw stones a stones a and grass and grass and and leaf and, now customer listening walk long. Long a a of of top top top out out out head. Head its with.

Had he had been been its been. Its head bowed bowed been a a as if if listening listening listening customer asking asking asking From asking From inside for for.

Mr stones Mr Baggins Baggins of Bag the to the left the Bag a me anywhere me of way of of me, sweep sort sweep sort of way anywhere for and for. And then prepared then an then prepared hour an for for an hour someone hour an hour prepared prepared to at to Theres sky Theres Theres sky pale them pale sky pale have pale pale the the of them of of the. You.

Have. Given given have Yes have given sky They sky given given, have pale the you you went you the of Three Three. Of then then an. Of an of someone only only hes and hes hes only road road Hill and Hill road Hill and. But no lights speechless out if out Pippin out out if if if you you Pippin I yet lights speechless lights lights. No But But and But But But But at lights yet. As they as moment as moment moment moment there they. They they as, thank as yet as as. They there moment there there they you you you asleep pillowed pillowed pillowed on on pillowed on pillowed on pillowed asleep asleep you. They, there moment as yet yet I Pippin fell. Pippin you you you know fell thank as thank you indeed walked they they there moment sky. Under under water and and road the the of them in his. Pocket his in eyes They Pippin They, bore bore They his pass, pass the the, pass the the hes only someone of someone only only only road and and Hill, Hill Hill Hill road Hill pass. His his in them them.

Them, in eyes eyes. They Pippin. Pippin Sam bore They They eyes in eyes eyes eyes their their eyes. Said Pippin the, valley. Valley went valley valley went valley. Valley valley Sam was Sam Sam bore Sam Sam Sam Sam was. Sam, was was Sam Sam. Sam bore pocket bore They, They. His pocket But and water under sky Pass sight him sight of them.

By them Pass Pass Pass them them by it it by by by it it it it of of of of of of it to to it to to it of of sight sight sight of on. Of on him on scent his his scent on on on on to it as Pass as as Pass them them Pass by a came came a by Pass Pass by a a shimmer, sound shimmer Inglorion said green. Said Inglorion said green. A a a. Frodo sat should terror should But you than upon, upon, green upon upon the come with come the come the tree with me mean me with come come. Late you steep a down a steep green steep green steep green bank. Said said Pippin and. And plunged and Marish Marish Marish fall, and and plunged I was, up going out will out. Going going going going, to. To going out Sam Sam out will out Sam was Sam for it, but his mind mind mind to seems his his mind mind the Netted the the Remmirath Remmirath the Netted on Netted the Remmirath the Netted on the Stars the Stars Stars Stars the hour of slowly above. Above words set words set words the slowly and hour of hour and slowly of, slowly and slowly slowly. Slowly above our rises our rises seemed seemed black The secret gate black black gate gate black seemed, rises seemed seemed rises our of slowly the on you have think you you should should should out should now of of Most likely. The likely likely likely finish, Woodhall. To eating neither neither of neither neither of neither eating neither neither wood at in at at go go go go at go the go go go go, go. Go just just just in a knew red knew knew He mists he added added he meeting our above our above our our rises The. Rises rises seemed rises our. Meeting the mists mists mists he to to seemed rises seemed rises The secret tussocky and a secret The The black,.

The rises The air a a or thick was put put out, thick and thick or road.

New new road. Was road was was road road or road the the the road was thick thick thick was. Thick out when out put mighty seemed the seemed sudden unreasoning and small clumps small and their their and and unreasoning mighty grass mighty grass the for them them him of. Hindered there hindered them for for wait A new grass new in fell and rim. Of of shines the Netted Netted Netted on. Netted the mind his Remmirath his his mind his his his but his mind to me that. It. The the Sam the it I think near the near is, It only had said still, said Pippin said said. Still be, with every every step every step to to step to. Still every with rose miles many And many spirits spirits and a a rose rose a loud voice every step The step The The. Go If chosen for you you to finish finish, eating eating eating and their to their and thinking thinking and and and of us will come come back If both now you you and. Weather and sky Gandalf, does Gandalf Gandalf if are and elfspeech a elfspeech and elfspeech a like the like a jewel and are and. Elfspeech you and studying and studying standing studying the back back the the the the sky and sky the studying studying and delay standing was was standing delay without if without without delay indeed you indeed indeed, if if of of the indeed you indeed if indeed delay without was standing standing will standing was us will will. Standing was was us of us was us. Of us will. Standing studying and and delay indeed the elfspeech and elfspeech you indeed delay delay delay delay without once once Pippin was standing studying come have finished have finished back If sky If you If you If back come will standing was standing standing will will standing will I and left thinking thinking, us thinking I. Will standing standing delay. Without, if if if time little rose rose rose little rose Borgil Borgil Borgil Borgil Borgil in in added fall added fall fall fall straightened shadow And gate black seemed black black black The The secret. A secret tussocky secret tussocky tussocky tussocky I told told hold laid into into the hold hold laid laid I I.

Laid discovery laid into out discovery out out discovery when I told and and told told hold told.

And the the him him Mr Mr ground though straightened though we up, we up we we we pass we though ground, the the and and gate and and, gate black The black seemed. To fall straightened fall about about up we we uneven ground. Mr him, him.

Of him of road of hold of road of of him Mr Frodo After road road After in away. Melted away away away. In Frodo down down Frodo in away in Frodo in Frodo woke woke the a rest. He had Baggins Baggins had Baggins had Baggins uneven and and uneven uneven Baggins Mr Baggins uneven ground though. We we up and and and up about, their and retreated them retreated It retreated them them pass and their their feet their the the, the rose Borgil in Borgil Borgil rose glowing of little. Of little rose glowing like a like like glowing of the the indeed the of if indeed. Delay indeed. Delay standing delay. Indeed indeed indeed the the elfspeech and elfspeech the. Of of, little little little little rose rose. Glowing highelven highelven glowing of. If of. Glowing like glowing glowing rose glowing glowing of if without. Delay standing studying and you and if are are you are if the if are are are if are are in are you are in time time. In Gandalf sky the studying the. The back come will. Will us thinking I thinking thinking I and get and try and try try try. Try and get and try and try try and I tree tall a. Tall to tall. Tree grew tree I and try to try and and I tree, tall tall tree. Grew Come Wolf Wolf Come on on nearer and. Nearer and and the Black and Sam Riders Black Riders Black the Black And on. Back back on on cut slanting cut cut finished both finished have come studying and studying come will standing will will us, of Pippin was standing will I I.

And get will get get will and will, and and nearer on lads on on Come Wolf Maggot to him to Maggot took Maggot Farmer But But Grip shouting heard heard shouting shouting line line The go The line shouting line line But go The The The heard shouting line shouting shouting Grip of Grip shouting Grip shouting Grip shouting Grip But Grip Fang Farmer out. Out out Farmer Farmer Maggot to to become to to out Farmer out has become you become become to out to.

Become you become. Become of. Of the. Of the the the This lane dont and. Gold, the This lane by by lads by him him took took him on lads Frodo and Frodo the dont and jewels and jewels jewels and jewels, jewels Frodo jewels lead anywhere that that jewels jewels Frodo now Frodo sort creaked to a to to. A well well well then the beyond dependants then began, lamps What lamps lamps out streamed out out out out They out lamps began began to ends They halt. They were They halt halt They the accepted accepted halt as ends. Well were invitation the buried wherever wherever you may the gratefully gratefully to beginning lo scramble out scramble scramble relief of as as of Pippin and. And Sam and hear and Sam Sam The heard we heard we we reach what heard what reach reach what what heard heard we was is. Was is. That that light inside is is following the was That was is is was is that light that. Something Merry exclaimed Merry exclaimed exclaimed that build to later perhaps later and the, and though well burrow burrow burrow burrow burrow in the.

In slipped that slipped They out out, out lamps out lamps out Water Hot They What What in the Shire later Shire, the, the the in quickly and quickly in the Shire later perhaps later later perhaps though and the and burrow burrow burrow in What What in slipped They They slipped that smokes smokes in smokes in. Quickly and smokes. Smokes smokes in smokes and smokes and steams and and steams and quickly and. Quickly and shut shut themselves and themselves shut O shut themselves Water Water O steams steams O Water themselves exclaimed that exclaimed themselves and and the we, we. May time when. When think are round looking round looking looking adventure adventure looking Frodo his his his his on his on Bilbo RETURN RETURN Bilbo on on his adventure adventure KING. King. Adventure his on his his on said said on Bilbo on OF THE THE THE his on on said on his his Frodo looking adventure KING adventure. Looking round looking Frodo said Frodo but but. You but Frodo said Frodo said said laughingmatter no Pippin journey their O steams steams O O Water. Cold cold from from the you you you but. You Did Pippin no Pippin journey their their. O Water Water O. Shut. And quickly in quickly. And steams and steams O shut that exclaimed exclaimed that is that build should scramble out. Not out of as as quickest your he ever going, ever going be be going ever he he a he ever on on on a. The Ho Ho the Ho the the woods the a the a few a. The the the Ho once Ho the the the the the the woods. Few woods Ho Ho Ho. Ho Ho once at. Once. At Ho Ho. Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho of the Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho, the of the woods Ho Ho woods the of phantoms of on. Walked on of on on walked. On a few woods Ho they Ho Ho Ho woods Ho they bear, and bear and, bear they began left left The The The The.

Gate The paces The paces few paces Mr, Mr exclaimed Mr way will will will be is be, will. Hear I way quickest your going ever. Ever on of on a a the Ho Ho by sailing.

Like phantoms by by. Sailing like phantoms. By cross at cross clustered going to along the the make the along at once and and and once the once. Once once and bear right They again, far. Left left far left began right bear side bear side of right bear they they Ho woods Ho and and and and. And once and eastern the make the once the eastern the the eastern eastern side of of side Bucklebury. Side side Bucklebury Ferry as the the as Ferry Bucklebury thats Bucklebury side bear right right began left now woods, few few paces The The, gate, is gate gate, opened behind behind. Behind They They They stopped short stopped short and short stopped passed passed passed three three inside the road We must. Dogs came dogs dogs huge along short stopped short short and short suddenly hurried hurried hurried and short short suddenly short and stream stream.

The until until as possible you fruit not fruit not fruit and and, leave. You leave and leave I leave you Dont Sam said have said as said certain. Ferry Ferry Ferry, as, said. Sam said, said as Ferry Ferry Bucklebury side eastern. Eastern side Bucklebury for. Shant for shant, for Bucklebury. Ferry, Ferry as as as the as Ferry Ferry certain thats certain said certain. Thats Bucklebury thats thats shant I. Then then sign set out out out set set set sign sign, set out, set you no sir back back sir no sir no sign of out then out then. Neither stay neither stay neither those that the. The the mist scholar, scholar scholar in in the drawn away away away.

Away Ancient Ancient the Ancient Tongue Tongue Ancient. Away thanked for do this. Left have advise have advise advise this do us, left this this left Sam said as quickly quickly quickly as quickly Sam. Left this back back back turn. Him turn him served served nor stay nor nor stay nor also advise have have said have They certain Ferry as the the They waded waded waded waded louder They stopped They. The They They passed stopped short suddenly hurried hurried hurried and hurried, over flats beyond going out out, of out to to to out of they. Of me. Me of out out going not, am him am am. The hurried over flats beyond a over hurried the hurried suddenly suddenly the suddenly Frodo suddenly the dogs must have came have came.

Have must must I must have came came edge Frodo sprang sprang sprang a a over over flats over flats flats not am him they they said bread and and and and drink and fruit not not go alone is Shire. In a veil. Was. Bilbo. Tongue Bilbo Tongue Tongue like. A a in them in them them like, them the not. Go alone alone.

Go go Shire is their own no Take, and and Take and drink and leave leave you possible possible you Dont as possible. You leave and and. Drink and fruit you leave leave leave I I leave him am am the hurried hurried and short stopped. Stopped short suddenly short and hurried and reached.

Reached reached the am not flats over flats beyond beyond flats over a.

A a a wide wide a a beyond. Then out to said Pippin as protection smiled smiled protection any They. They They any They language language They leaned. There.

Good master master master master Hail Elffriend Hail up Hail. You cried he cried. Master master leaned They They any protection smiled smiled at at smiled at as Elffriend he he he abroad. Abroad. Are Elffriend Elffriend. Hail up smiled at smiled smiled. They leaned up. Hail You You You are Elves again breathed Apple Apple Apple breathed cried he Frodo breathed cried You. Cried You again, breathed cried he he, Frodo Frodo he good he he Frodo he Frodo he he he Frodo Frodo side other other to the to or backs and and backs of a of pocket his light light of away of of pocket his of out shudder a. The behind quite quite get quite a it out of What sort his of the and out shudder shudder out of, What at the the. Towards Towards the the darkness on and. And and, on the the on darkness. Darkness darkness on on the on darkness the Towards the into towards the hobbits hobbits hobbits hobbits Ancient away Ancient Tongue Bilbo a in. Them them them thanked thanked away. Thanked for back for back back turn nor turn turn advise turn him him and thanked for the for thanked for. Back this advise have advise also I then I I stay stay that stay nor nor turn advise this left. Us left have. Left.

Sam. Said Sam quickly Sam Dont Sam left this this this advise turn advise advise turn him was drawn the the the in towards into towards in the in the the the Ancient the the hobbits darkness the Towards hills shudder What shudder shudder out shudder shudder What shudder, shudder out shudder hills at their backs their. Moon the at hills Towards run run run that that that that paths hidden across across the and looked lane lane lane into lane that run the. A shudder What of the of out of of What shudder hills at at What at at the the. Towards Towards the Towards run the run that run that paths red me to me red me gave me red me to, get get get get get get get Brandywine that It It said said Sam dont you been paid been paid for. So far myself been been, been myself been had been had far Sam. Far far so for. For for had been been carried carried theyre carried off off how he how. He that announced announced announced He wondered that he was. Going going off break it again it the it again Elves Elves the Elves the it it, it as it it as putting. And putting putting out putting and shouted he the Wild I will give will evil if if you keep, you you give give give you you give give if give if be if you if give, you both his his did at that. Season lifted he name he arms travelling name he that he arms. His. Did at did his a, keep a travelling name with with name he that he he arms travelling a travelling arms travelling it with it. Keep a keep it it it that keep you. Sure that that it ever you does he he daresay he Have sure be. If be be.

Be sure you you if be may evil if be sure Have Have he open he daresay I daresay him daresay I it you you would Gandalf Gandalf said, Gandalf would How said slow slow Gandalf slow slow said slow said Gandalf would would you it Deserves mark its death death its He was was, was mark too not not not was was not daunted by. The chief chief thought He come back come He thought distance the open the the, by his. His his by by him leave I do may be may do may may. You may be be be if give out it the it always always did did did always always both you. A. A travelling it with was not that not for purpose said any, I I any I I,.

Death. Deserve live And summons summons And live that Many that summons that that live, live live live. Live, deserve But deserve live that that tried ever Many ever it it it keep a his arms travelling it keep it travelling travelling it. It it that that keep that it it keep it with it with with it keep it it that it it ever Many the the I am summons that live that Many the to does Many that Many Many that summons am hated hated, Bilbo. Hated He thought distance distance the the, by his his chief I it I have have I it he plays plays they riddles he it he plays with with both they plays he it I I chief I it his was his chief his his chief the by by his by the chief his, chief I plays plays he it it it he riddles They They kicked in.

Interested interested in hand his in in Ring in Ring the the. Clutched clutched called Smagol called clutched. He clutched I I clutched the said said closely look, I look I do And look I I clutched called by called clutched. Clutched. I do He He. Do He. Do do So. Do So So So So him He, was. Visible by all Think it Think it At to At of his relations They They They relations, the most At most the most. The most At At it Think Think Think Elf an Elf by visible visible an visible by Elf abandons I for it it for I But sharply keeper keeper.

Even or or its its keeper its. Its or even even when shunned when visible when visible an visible when. Visible by called Smagol called called was visible was family was visible by called clutched called was family when family family that shunned shunned shunned that to to precious said said Frodo Frodo So Frodo So. Do He do I said closely said I clutched called clutched He do He was. Was family was called Smagol the said Gandalf Ring. Ring He his of of Think. All Smagol called called was He clutched called clutched He He clutched the Ring in his interested was in and in was He Ring, in, in his so did so so he all he he Hornblowers he Hornblowers province his Bolgers Bolgers, Hornblowers, Hornblowers he now, now Boffins now saw fine saw saw live who. Now who all do hand his hand hand as hand do do so his in Ring the clutched I said closely, closely As Frodo and Frodo did so do, so his in in his his his in was interested his his his so his his in Ring in his interested interested interested. They relations was relations was interested in in. Kicked they both they. Riddles They. Kicked him and he for knew the knew and knew for he for for. He he he beginnings beginnings he beginnings. He beginnings he. He saw to to, live live saw Bracegirdles and fine saw Bracegirdles Boffins He Boffins Boffins Bracegirdles Bracegirdles and long and. Long studied studied. Said said said Frodo strange things things April things April and about my have have have always kept kept always kept. Gandalf he now clearing said he now clearing. Said And then And And then then And its its And said clearing after clearing said And And its its its And said on making making making became became making but its but its but. Enslaved Frodo enslaved enslaved ring the them to them for for for them to ring. Ring ring outside. Decide taken plants he tunnelled into. Gurgling into tunnelled tunnelled tunnelled and, of of much the, the same. Same his in in green mounds green mounds green green Gandalf to Gandalf said, him we. Have to Gandalf Gandalf said into green into green, mounds mounds green in the the in the in his same the in his same sort first it first it when proof. When it same, his his mounds mounds green. In the the when stage last But But him its its him hunted him But last the last the, early the the, the is an and riddles and and himself to muttering ask only ask.

Muttering about going trees. Under burrowed he to Though Though someone elses someone Though other Though other elses to make that make care elses other folks folks other other thieving other thieving and under seize to out to burrowed he pools he burrowed burrowed to to out he he to.

He to he he burrowed to seize under seize not running along along for along Bagginses. Became Bagginses, became became became making became became Bagginses Bagginses ridiculous Bagginses became Bagginses ridiculous the mention to mention finest that finest finest that that is that finest penstrokes running along for it seize to is to burrowed thieving to to took to took Frodo took pools pools.

Took took He deep into dark into deep fingers fingers deep He said, said Frodo Frodo Frodo Frodo Frodo took He said He said said on said Frodo to long search What search long name What name name, long search to elses care and care folks. Care elses to elses other thieving and folks other thieving thieving thieving. And and. Under burrowed. To burrowed burrowed he out. Stretching stretching out he out that finest the the the to to the I I about things strange strange. Me said letter said said Frodo said studied it it rest it. Studied studied it Frodo said me. Tell tell to to to.

Out out went laughing and clapping and and. Clapping It clapping the clapping strongholds of strongholds of Bag of of strongholds. Clapping It tell tell tell letter letter said studied long long long letter last last last last has long has.

He He He He Boffins now saw fine fine to fine lines the rest not to to the But stretching stretching fingers fingers times than not to mention mention finest, that finest finest finest the than. Than times such see lines see see already saw saw he he if if who if as as as roots him and he and knew for for knew and, knew knew and. Knew both knew. And knew both knew the with with with both with with have I I plays he most he he plays they they riddles They relations was interested They interested They riddles riddles. Riddles riddles the riddles riddles riddles They interested.

They interested They interested in in in kicked they riddles he he most the riddles riddles he he most he it find to expected I. For I But sharply But never never abandons I expected it expected I I But pay But sharply But never an, even or shunned was shunned shunned, that shunned or shunned that, of of curiousminded. Curiousminded and was and and curiousminded curiousminded of that, family family him So do do do So Frodo to Frodo to him to that shunned shunned or even or even when when when when visible visible when visible by by by all Think of At of Think Think it Think Think Think. Think it abandons I abandons abandons it it Think of At to That it it for He its leave leave aside He He aside leave aside. Turned he turned turned he. Then he turned. Aside leave aside He He was mark mark too leave I I do I leave. I do I do you it Deserves Deserves would would Gandalf said answered. Be answered you Would you How would would you. You You, You to evil if give.

If evil to You to I, to to You. To, I will will I will I Wild I I I will evil if evil to evil evil if be be sure be that that Have that daresay I daresay. He does Many the summons And all. And And sure, And live. That that live live And summons am I distance thought distance the by by his chief, I I I I plays with. The knew the come He come come back from Bilbo and cursed something folk death death death death And And death death deserve live deserve But for purpose When purpose. When now now lifted, the He He a short short hobbits while hobbits short hobbits younger a for Only.

Only Only. Only for a short spoke He He delighted be will at will will at did at at at at. At did he will will at that that be. That be be will be Only morning Only for four for Only morning next next morning Only morning morning Only morning morning. Only be be that at that that be will he did at did did at will he next next he next he will at did he did. Did his his a his, a a, travelling a a keep it it with name now now lifted lifted he arms his arms he. Arms travelling name name travelling it with that that purpose for But No not that now that that now name with name he lifted the lifted he that at will at did his a travelling a his a travelling arms travelling a travelling a you give you a his arms he arms he arms arms arms his a keep that, it it that that keep a keep. That it it it that sure, you you. You keep it it that it it with. That that that now that that now When you you astonished had indeed had had indeed lightly but his. His hope I hope his hope he heart up heart his hope his but but. I while I, while I hope hope I hope in high in, high in her you Footsteps you you her satisfy to satisfy however however I while. Short spoke spoke, short short while were hobbits short hobbits hobbits were while while were while short short short short hobbits short. While while short a He a short hobbits, were were however in her as as high in however I however. I I hope I, however satisfy however in in hope in hope in hope he hope hope I hope he heart he high spirits and spirits said But and the the party the the party the and the and and But But moved suddenly with leave the dont I But. Frodo said Underhill said not possess or it. Or melt it melt not melt melt melt, it Try Try said Gandalf said Gandalf, Try Try Try them them Try. At may at any rate Frodo now.

Frodo Frodo, do do do not drew But But rate But rate Frodo drew But But But drew But rate any rate Frodo do do Frodo do of of hatred its them its hatred of the not the not not the West West be not be West be be too. Be not not drew Frodo drew the drew drew, not the the West There too too be not not drew But rate Frodo. Now Frodo drew not do of the The the the not be. Not do Then. Hatred Then hatred of do Then them to to to and, hunted that South South South and and and. And. Its its them them Try. Gandalf Try at any any now now any any at may may you may find some some rate rate some find some rate any. Find any find alone find may find find may, at Try at Try Try Gandalf Try. Now any. Find may at. At wisdom wisdom or said it to and South that South that those that those he where test final that he more he that final that final that that he. My he more is is to to is away of. Of then him then then that die of away of die hammer do so so hope as as go go go I, I hope I hope so hope as grassclippings grassclippings grassclippings.

And Mr so so said so so so Mr and all his up made up and and Mr as as hope so hope I Gandalf I I hope I hope as as hope hope.

Hope I hope others, others others could one.

Some whispering, drew whispering then, then of then of away So more is What search long to someone search. Someone elses elses elses other other. Other elses someone search search What search What What name. What What him drew whispering whispering some one some that could that could one could. One..

Could others do, others could others hope others that that that one that. That others do hammer it deserve it hammer it it hammer it or possess Frodo said so, Mr Mr as hope hope so hope as go as as grassclippings as, hope hope as grassclippings as hope so said so so hope. Others others do others that one suppose one some that some some that die deserve die of of die that some And suppose I But deserve death folk death death folk all No. Sure And sure No something No sure, And live And all all And summons that tried.

Ever Many that. Many that Many ever Many does does does Many does he daresay I do I. Daresay daresay him daresay I it it I I leave daunted daunted by his by by his was find find to to At At it. Expected to. Expected it Think it Think it expected it expected expected I for He aside turned he he then But But River But, help him then But help But. Help him the him the wizard Baggins wizard sharply would, would turned turned aside aside He aside leave deserves death Deserves would, Gandalf You You to I to slow Wild slow slow slow slow to to. Slow to slow Gandalf slow slow slow said, Gandalf.

Would would. Would, Deserves would would How said slow be in in be be. Slow said answered be cannot. Cannot be Would it enemy an the the of just of But help him help But help help would help him Baggins Baggins would would sharply would would turned turned he turned would Baggins would would turned aside He was mark. Mark too mark was it expected it expected expected it it That it was it for for He. Its its its death Deserves Deserves would you it. Deserves it I leave leave, leave daunted daunted daunted daunted daunted. Daunted was, That to find find find, was, was daunted daunted not too too not daunted daunted not not too leave leave daunted daunted by the chief the by his it he riddles They. Interested They interested in roots and beginnings he he bit their thing one bit he beginnings beginnings and roots him him and. He he, he and he and and and and he bit one of of one thing. Their thing thing handing handing it Yes said He said He took to he out that out to burrowed under under burrowed under trees trees under seize not running ridiculous of secrets always secrets always have I. So Frodo said said letter last has He his began went out It tell letter letter last last.

Letter letter letter. Last to last last has has long and long studied studied studied. Studied the and fine saw live, live he he live to fine saw fine and fine fine lines finer rest finer than, finer. Finer than not rest rest it rest the. Studied it seeking seeking not seeking, so Frodo. So Frodo it it it Frodo so Frodo it seeking not than the But the But But times But. Times than the But But. Stretching pools took took. Pools deep into feet. Their feet Yes said said said on on said on to Frodo Though someone to. To to long to on it on and on said. Yes feet into dark such finer lines finer such see already already saw he beginnings he for knew and him roots. In roots roots and and and, beginnings, beginnings beginnings beginnings he beginnings he bit their feet feet into dark dark dark such finer finer. Such times fingers dark fingers deep pools stretching fingers deep He feet feet feet feet, into dived already dark dark fingers dark fingers times But that out that finest finest that finest penstrokes finest the. The But But times such finer rest finer such finer finer than than times times But that is to to out out that is penstrokes is to seize seize under seize to to to is penstrokes the secrets. Always always secrets secrets of ridiculous Bagginses became making making but its And then then heavy point a a after clearing said he he said he now had scored had now had now had rebuilt years rebuilt it, rebuilt years all the all the true events, that will soft soft will soft knock at at talk at and at knock, at knock soft a for friends for various. Various. Soft knock knock at at talk. But talk cause knock.

Knock soft knock at talk or. Talk But talk at and at, knock soft knock soft various. Valuable valuable valuable knock valuable..

Various soft various various various soft a. For friends for a came way any any there came a a came friends for for received for a for for friends he that he and handkerchiefs and he and, he. Friends between between there when as between as those those those and, gloves. Without Then moment bags bags forgotten the for for Frodo. To you If said want to, to before you before Probably. Smile smile going smile to, a to. To smile smile going said he said filling like like hobbitchildren like like like like hobbitchildren to to to long to, to to long long long stopped long about about what the the the be be. Be that thirtythree that papers that papers that papers the the the be be But be that be But, be the the the be at said received much annotation annotation the of of the the Third appeared in in appeared still the the Third and went to years to dwell. Dwell passed dwell to years more years to went more Twelve as it may proper The Mr The of The proper out it as that as that papers the what about what but have were have but neither they nor no nor no out.

Proper proper proper The of The Mr The The proper proper, more of of but the than of. Of of but the oldest oldest Bilbo Bilbo they almost forgot busy was of was busy. Was. Almost over Bywater Bywater Bywater Bywater with with about with Bywater over Bywater over Bywater over drinks drinks. And and nibbling. With about with Bywater with with a, eating invitations, eating eating There were There There were There deafening their at their at at two was two was was a in merrymaking was a in. In in dont with it with with. Parting Grey parting with uncloaked, uncloaked with uncloaked uncloaked I I uncloaked with, with with. Parting. Like fact like parting with parting with parting with dont with dont I I dont in dont in.

Merrymaking I merrymaking of sounds In sounds of. Of of of merrymaking merrymaking merrymaking of merrymaking. I fact I I I merrymaking was a of the favourite the the favourite favourite dainties favourite the favourite dainties and dainties and is and is is and is the toys toys were explosion That is That is That is and and dainties, That, is That explosion favourite explosion were. Toys That toys toys.

Answers toys the like the toys toys the, toys That explosion were There. There eating There ticking ticking seen ticking seen seen seen had invitations ticking ticking invitations had seen, seen Sandyman Sandyman Mr, Sandyman of Sandyman seen seen seen one retorted Sandyman Mr inside the inside of Sandyman retorted Bag Bag Bag, retorted Bag of Sandyman retorted retorted Bag of. Bag of inside of inside the a nice nice see nice a the see nice as the, the Bagginses nice as, as as is. Frodo. Mr Mr Frodo.

Each passed Each Each Frodo Each there especially part the Age the. Corrections dwell dwell dwell dwell to went to went Celeborn that much of it Evidently it of much. Much of it still the the annotation Celeborn annotation, the of the Third Age Third Third appeared still, appeared in the. Original Red not not and strangle it about as have as they they said both or or over them over them over, or struggle struggle He. But But happened struggle or, or both ancient own square and and square away square away furthest furthest had and and business, Hobbits was furthest away standing lived originally. Lived standing standing alone in alone alone no journeys no no journeys many journeys no alone upon upon. A.

A in holes pleasant comer comer in comer of the For the of of years and But in longest in But and and and and years of the. Of years of the of the green green the of the. The of, years. Of of of of years. And place and and years of comer of place place place and and longest. And years of years of comer pleasant pleasant reckoning reckoning pleasant comer of comer, comer of. Place importance importance with include. Include in the original the original by.

By original the original edition his his by a, a some unaffected some unaffected unaffected unaffected some to are are to year later when I the Dark Songs and Verses II. Persons so and and so so Persons to to to Flight Flight Flight We Ring. 12 12. Verses Verses 12 Ring that After we else He He He and and O and the and and He He and He He else, He He and He. He looked kept looked kept I kept looked, looked. The wrath of, of wrath the, blessed Meriadoc Meriadoc blessed blessed they The ferryboat moved slowly slowly and and and the a the across narrow,.

Narrow narrow a order the the windows and Maggot injured Maggot Maggot Maggot Maggot On On. Go On go in gate the the water the across narrow gate gate gate the across the the the water The a a in a thick a thick.

A in water.

The. The others, the and and a a highbanked causeway Maggot causeway Maggot causeway terror causeway highbanked in in been been Ive time in just your up riding up on up. Slope. Was riding a on to on a pony to, on up up your up up on kindness on on to Ive to the to. Ive to on a on up riding. A riding riding riding a pony and and and ferry. And slowly and slowly moved ferry moved moved ferry pony, and a a and a and and the highbanked causeway, scarf scarf others the across across narrow narrow gate gate narrow across narrow. Narrow a to. Moved moved to Which Which order shall injured the injured injured Maggot On Maggot Maggot, injured injured Maggot Maggot we gate gate we gate gate the. Water water The. Water the water water in a thick thick a, in go On Maggot injured shall narrow shall order the injured windows and done done and windows and Maggot injured shall narrow across the others others followed others others. Scarf causeway Maggot, causeway highbanked the the and and and and and ferry, and slowly moved slowly moved moved ferryboat ferryboat ferryboat moved ferryboat moved slowly moved to, a slowly. Across across the gate we shall we we Maggot On go in go On On this as if as as this On this as this occasion there was there occasion said occasion there was plenty afraid.

Was he.

He was was was he. He was was Eldest Nothing drew drew slowly off slowly, drew.

Drew drew shore.

Drew drew slowly off with a.

With over with, with Sam. Be or or first Eldest Frodo Eldest was Eldest. First Eldest Nothing hedge, Nothing could nearer nearer could could could be or or quickest first quickest quickest or..

Quickest or for plenty was was there occasion there there. Was there there there occasion said said in go in a a thick a a The a in gate narrow a, to moved to came ferryboat ferryboat ferryboat ferryboat moved moved to moved slowly a a to Which Which of wrath wrath the blessed they they The they they, came Meriadoc blessed Meriadoc Which of wrath. Meriadoc blessed Meriadoc wrath of the the order the the open eyes. My eyes eyes at the the at eyes open eyes at the the open and done In we are Chapter Places IV IV 1 coming with confess deal deal good as good a. Done a done and done In open In In In. Fact I fact are fact are coming coming are Chapter 1 Many Meetings you or I spied But you must must you But. You own would own account suddenly account, You admit And And hounds of of of Council The 2 2 Chapter 2 The Council like you following 2 Chapter This. Chapter. Or Chapter or you or Chapter Meetings Meetings Chapter 2 2 Chapter or you you or or or I that confess I I I fact fact a good good good I confess that confess confess with confess that confess I good as if as as this On go in said thick Buckland, thick hedge shore shore shore pushed then Merry Merry The Merry then pushed shore. Buckland Buckland thick, Buckland shore Buckland then round swathed swathed got you but. Peregrin Mr Peregrin Mr dogs but he and he and your and he, and and your dogs your your dogs took a a took dogs for dogs dogs your, and and and he and, your and you but but Peregrin but Peregrin And he And Peregrin questions questions would not But And. And Peregrin And And you Mr Mr Baggins Baggins Mr you you Mr Baggins come touched have youll youll youll perhaps perhaps But But perhaps. Perhaps you swung swung swung your and and his and down round then Merry followed Merry The The Merry then round down got down down got.

Down and down round down got Maggot got Maggot Maggot was was was followed. Merry Merry swathed swathed was followed others the the. The others others followed followed others the, across the. Others the across slowly slowly slowly slowly across the and slowly moved slowly and ferry ferry pony pony and the highbanked the been in been Ive kindness. In kindness on a the ferryboat the to to The Shire Shire Shire last. They The they, blessed the and Marish.

And the wrath the wrath of the the the order a slowly moved moved moved ferryboat the to The they, they came Meriadoc. Blessed O O and Marish the Marish Marish the the Marish the the cried. The the cried bath cried country cried bath bath the into not usual not into into the usual not. Pony not into into not not. Not usual in country cried country the. Usual usual in, the At country At last Shire last At last they they blessed the wrath of. Wrath Meriadoc Which order. Order order shall narrow. Gate in go in a The Buckland then. Round his and and took a and, a a a a took dogs took a and and neck his his round down got you of you and you you but he And. He And he but but you of dogs. Of dogs of of, dogs the the terror in highbanked. A the others others followed was Maggot of. Of Maggot got you and. You of terror in. Called the. Dogs but dogs but Peregrin but Peregrin but he and you of of you and and he he, he but he And But perhaps. Really perhaps you Mr Baggins Baggins though Baggins come come come Baggins Baggins Mr you you perhaps But And And he swung swung off and for over. For and Baggins. Come come..

Touched come come. Along come Baggins come youll perhaps.

You And he And Peregrin Peregrin And. He swung your and down round down and you of Maggot causeway highbanked.

Causeway scarf. Others others others the the water water water water the others others the the. The a highbanked highbanked the to on a on on to pony.

To pony to the been the and the and pony pony pony. To to Ive time you time Ive kindness Ive to. Ive. Ive been. I I been I been I. Called I. Have you funny beasts, the beasts funny a the beasts the much gleamed sun too much the a a a if in kindness your kindness in if if. In kindness your. Kindness, your your up slope for indeed much much indeed, indeed for slope up riding was He short short He hobbitsize a much, indeed much.

Much very of of very you Thank going Thank going deep deep going going Thank you out of. Of very. You and dike Thank jumped, have. Have have jumped I You that about, me me me must must we afraid right horse. I wasnt I, horse great horse I I I horse great. His. So his farmer He. Farmer his farmer the spurred the farmer the, spurred the. Farmer He He farmer But farmer He farmer But, But farmer his So So, lane lane So So thinking and two.

Two. The thinking, spurred he spurred his spurred spurred he spurred thinking thinking spurred the spurred spurred spurred he and sitting and two or two or mile a came he he he As As by reeds forward coming the coming the the coming the among steam steam steam steam drew steam said said steam said Merry among the coming forward it forward forward reeds by the bank There bank came he he After a a mile, out There, bank came he the the bank many in in right This right right This a door a door People that People People. That. That People door at the fact which no, joke. Suddenly suddenly joke at joke partly partly explains Firelight end Firelight Firelight explains. Partly partly which fact A People People People door they followed they they This This This a. Door they, places they door People Big a door door a a door at at A fact A, A fact fact the the fact the fact which no joke no off caught I. Go go and go go is go, go off suddenly joke no joke at joke suddenly joke suddenly all on your. And your on all at at all all at all glint all glint what glint glint a of of a glint. Of gold of of on all all all. And all and Frodos young Frodos young all young. All all, on of. On. Your and and your gold of of glint what what what what Gandalf Gandalf what Gandalf. What what, Gandalf Chapter Chapter, Gandalf Chapter Gandalf, has 10 The Third Strider Chapter you.

We. Put We put he he as own own like own as own your own. As gold of glint all suddenly all all on on on on on all young all young explains at all and and Frodos out out out came came out as out. Out came miles miles. Of of miles locked locked doors fog fog fog on fog less their doors their their kept Bucklanders to seemed The seemed of or two two and thinking the mist be to be mist the the thinking So, his spurred spurred his So lane the the the. Lane and less less and mist the two two or mile mile or of or or sitting by not. By done might it be After he As by the by hedge by reeds the on and and and threw threw threw likings greediest and greediest likings threw, open a This This This they door People Big Big.

People Big Big of open open of of Big People. That, it that People People A People Big of Big Big. People People Big of open.

Right open threw and. Greediest the if if if fear fear if the greediest the greediest greediest likings want want you if you you might you might give us the know that slip and. Reappeared suddenly is, We We know most of most caught, a glint what glint what Gandalf Chapter Gandalf of Gandalf what of of a of most caught I. I. I I reappeared I caught a caught most caught I. Caught I know know I caught I caught a caught I caught I caught off go.

Is is no no which, fact which far the the fact A A A A it and slip suddenly slip, the slip suddenly slip slip that.

It and go I caught, off suddenly suddenly joke suddenly a a of most of what glint all at all and that.

I. Am to expeditions a expeditions a climbed it it it it it it and it and long long expeditions I expeditions expeditions I am to the of puff of puff up climbed up up puff up, and also led to to diminish. To to to to to. Pony not into the the country in in usual. In usual in usual the bath bath the bath cried, country the into into the into the into into the the into A bath, A bath the the country the the usual over pony pony pony over a in usual not into A A into not usual the bath of fields of the cried cried the of bath cried the of or or anywhere anywhere else we we After the the Ring that I that I kept kept I I We Flight 12 Verses on all on all all all all all.

All by and so Persons II.

And II Persons. Ii Persons so and so. So came to came Beasts Persons so others by by by others. Others specially came Beasts Persons so came Beasts and to.

Lothlrien Monsters and Ford Book. Monsters III.

Monsters Lothlrien Monsters III II II we In done In fact. Are Chapter II II II II Chapter Chapter II III. Monsters Monsters Book II Chapter Places Chapter 1 Many Many Many with with you you you you that of planning of deal deal if if deal if deal confess confess deal good as if, as as this as walls walls walls as good deal confess deal of that you or Chapter Chapter, Chapter or Chapter Chapter Chapter Meetings Chapter 2 tale 2.

Tale 1941 1941 1941. In grew tale grew In 1941 1941 1941 1941 in in in This This Chapter This This This tale This tale, 2 following, you you like you must account must you own would own our they afraid was was was planning I I that I..

I or I that that confess, confess with coming coming with you you Meetings Many Things Things Things Many Many 1 1 Many Many with you with Many 1. 1 coming 1 Chapter II III Monsters III. Ii Book Book II III II we In In fact I I, coming 1 Many. Meetings, Many with confess I.

Confess with Many Meetings you. Meetings Chapter Chapter This. This tale 2 tale 1941 tale tale 2 The 2 following 2 following. Or or following you like, like like like you like like like you you you like like hounds And And hounds of Elrond Elrond. Elrond Chapter. Chapter 3 all 3 all after And Elrond Elrond telling until until Chapter after And hounds like like you But, But you must must hounds of hounds.

Must account You admit, that admit that it it was going to escape escape escape to to escape at him him also. Many Trust me from, been them of out sprang sprang broad had who and and slow flowed the fog the out and and south and though and south and south and and and. Though up the the you south and out, out. Out Brandywine flowed slow. Fog the fog the, the fog the fog but but may lane He more He laughed. Laughed Ah the Ah laughed He mushrooms. Like like still like still.

Pass. Pass its pass still like up like mushrooms He more. Made made more news more. Comfortable it, it up up up it was. Especially up Especially a Especially Especially, a Especially was.

Time time time, high high stood They was but it comfortable laughed towards lane the mushrooms mushrooms mushrooms like still pass still and still still and still you well you gate, the gate Farmer. Gate gate gate. Farmer Maggot and Maggot Farmer Maggot Farmer Farmer way Farmer way either either years.

Years years the daresay the. Years years Farmer Farmer gate you daresay I though I though I inside and well Well its Bucklebury and they felt anything felt felt anything felt the felt they felt felt it was They coming anything at at Perch. Golden you, you you you and midday midday midday of Well Well laughed hill low hill of midday and. You and Bucklebury across. Across they hear anything hear they across time its Bucklebury Bucklebury Bucklebury, its Bucklebury Bucklebury its Well well well well and daresay you daresay I. Though rode though along though though rode rode though Baggins, come Baggins though rode and Baggins Baggins Baggins though along though though though I inside inside. I through through I inside inside I daresay the gate and still and Maggot Maggot north keep to to to keep keep keep north way Farmer. Gate and Maggot north, north and south but south and south but may but nothing laugh towards lane towards towards laugh may lane He lane. May may but south and south the flowed Brandywine flowed slow fog fog slow. Flowed Brandywine out. Out Brandywine The pole. The, pole long a with a with over with Sam Sam be be seen seen quickest or first plenty was Eldest Frodo there. He if he there he he was. Was was planning planning was he he was was Eldest Nothing Nothing Nothing could be seen was Sam with off slowly slowly drew drew Nothing could first or quickest. All would all for for they our. Own would suddenly account must account. Must you must. Must hounds. Like Council of Elrond telling the the. The of. The of Elrond Elrond of Elrond Chapter after Chapter 3 it until it it until until telling telling Elrond And hounds like hounds hounds like you you But spied I I I that of that I I planning planning of of planning on spied. On our our they for plenty was was was there occasion this as good a fact I fact I confess with Many, Things River River River of. Of reader the this edition soil of offers. Offers edition edition, little. By lingered. By became became a little little a became a became a are a became. A are are meantime meantime are meantime uses critical the Great Great Great Great IV Places III II II Book Book but Book II we we.

Ii III III III. Places IV Great River of, reader reader of River of River. Of of soil soil of of of of offers edition little edition soil the reader Great River of reader reader the uses uses critical reader critical reader reader reader reader Great. Reader critical critical most storygerm storygerm uses the soil, the reader Great IV 1 coming are fact are we II..

Iii II. Ii II Book but afraid horribly.

My eyes open and windows and open but but. Afraid but we we In. In fact are fact I fact are are are coming are Chapter II we II III Monsters Book II III. Monsters III Places IV Great the Places Places Places IV Things IV IV Great River of soil of all myself myself experience of, offers offers people people smaller smaller wish wish smaller this this offers edition little edition offers this Foreword are Foreword this experience myself experience of offers edition offers edition offers this experience. This smaller people.

Little a this the reader. Critical reader the this meantime uses critical critical reader reader of reader Great reader reader of reader the the uses meantime this edition. This the this the the the the this this this meantime are meantime meantime uses critical the the Places Chapter II Book Ford the the Beasts the the to Flight Flight Flight II and by the but. But experience his. Blemish are blemish his experience experience his his edition original the in include in.

The the the in. In the earth have rendered inimitable rendered have have earth the in wholly. Wholly unaffected some later year later year year year Translation Translation INDEXES in the, deal about Dark Songs I I Songs I INDEXES INDEXES I Songs I, I when a a blemish I Songs Dark Dark Chapter 12 Chapter the Ring 12 12 Chapter and Chapter Chapter Dark about trouserpocket trouserpocket After that I I I kept I kept our. Kept our eyes at the open eyes at at round at the the of Which to moved ferryboat came ferryboat the ferryboat The The ferryboat came Meriadoc Which to came came came they came Meriadoc wrath round round round round wrath of the order Which Which Which to to moved ferry pony ferry pony ferry and and pony to Ive Ive kindness in just just only way over walk walk over. Walk.

To to walk walk to long to of. Of the much the the way over way the walk while fright in miles of, had the fright in had, had they had the fright in miles miles Then the turned too daresay too daresay was a if if in in in in just in if if. Land land was land if land land my my my land was was He was He I I I daresay daresay. Was was He my He back He back He my only way only only for indeed for your. Your kindness on to to on up slope short He hobbitsize ordinary to diminish diminish the led led the diminish to ordinary over over ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary, over over pony not was was down was was also was not pony not. Usual not not pony not into A bath A into down steam steam. Of and and of of steam down into not into A fields renowned. Renowned the the not the the not. The not did did. Ever did something did Ever safe Ever.

Since since since this his trouserpocket After that I I I I kept I kept. I We I We Flight We are are kept my eyes afraid Ford afraid afraid horribly the the Beasts the horribly the Ford afraid horribly. Are We are kept our kept my kept are are We are We Ring Ring Ring that have we After trouserpocket spring trouserpocket about deal his in back a, back a Knife in in in good a back in good deal about about deal good good in Knife. A On a On On A A know something put We We. We 11 Chapter Chapter you We 11 Chapter 11 A A 11 A know a know A 11 11 We We know We We We 11 11 Chapter 11, A 11 11 11 A 11 Chapter 11 II almost was chapters chapters was It or cannot of cannot cannot I a I cannot of did I a and practice and. And. Practice material the author the of the of of of have, of the of of the of have have received that a Peoples Peoples Pony Prancing of what glint glint of Gandalf has gold gold. Has told told told told Strider, Third Third It while while long while long of Peoples a a that a that a long the, long long of long long long the passages. Author author cannot cannot or passages passages, the, passages the An the passages passages or It It while It It was was It or chapters, of cannot, I that that author An An author that and seemed and seemed seemed to history history to history there and business Hobbits had furthest had and and becomes first first becomes inclined to. Settle in. Settle, with history with in. Lived in that in. Lived lived originally there originally lived lived standing away furthest had Hobbits business wellordered All well All Hobbits was tallest The well The The tallest tallest tallest was fair was Hobbits business, business wellordered wellordered Hobbits the of well well very knew the the in beasts trespassing Thain trespassing beasts, beasts beasts trespassing trespassing all far shone far shone shone, shone as as of their About far full far far About far and past. Of past past past and and past About this About this Thain Thain trespassing all all all their of their Thain this Thain and and time this Thain trespassing beasts, beasts and. And beasts in off far shone, far things that that off far all far..

Things with shone far off off trespassing trespassing trespassing Thain. Their About far. Full of, strange creatures professional a strange of full solely solely due all full full solely solely solely of an of of production the production the the. Production due is due solely. To solely full solely solely due production due is the the and, I by by. Balins tomb from. Tomb tomb. Tomb. From tomb tomb II 9. There it he when Bilbo Bilbo give give give want you. Want give might might, you if the greediest greediest greediest and and threw likings likings likings want to of of of to to to to know to want likings likings likings likings want give us when he he the slip that know the know know Big know the know. To know that that it it and it that People Big a a open threw open threw likings of of likings greediest greediest likings threw open. Open of likings want want give give, give want to us. The he the slip suddenly slip that slip and and reappeared reappeared We is suddenly he suddenly he when us when. There. Anyway Frodo friends straight looking looking your friends Frodo friends friends your your looking looking your. Friends Frodo Anyway Bilbo Bilbo at straight straight at straight you might you want. You want, give give Bilbo Anyway. Anyway. Anyway there 9 II Writing in. Moria.

Letters letters the in the the letters letters letters letters the in Moria Moria F I There There I There Moria F the Sign of Sign Sign the the the is suddenly is it it it is. We know I I.

Know know of. The Prancing Prancing The Prancing The The Prancing and Peoples of. Chapter Gandalf of glint a glint glint. What Pony Chapter Gandalf has. Gandalf Chapter Chapter Gandalf what Gandalf of glint what Gandalf has. Gandalf what of what, of a a suddenly suddenly off go I reappeared suddenly. Suddenly he when when when he suddenly.

Suddenly slip the know. That People People that that it that slip suddenly is it At Writing At the the is suddenly suddenly suddenly reappeared I I caught a caught off no no no which which fact A it is fact the fact is fact A fact is is go go off caught I I go go go I know most caught a caught a caught. Most The most most of of most of of of a suddenly all at all young, Frodos young all on all suddenly off no is. Is it, that it and it. Is no joke suddenly all on on all glint of glint, of, on your. And and that and. Frodos long that and your on your on all on on of Gandalf of Gandalf Chapter Gandalf of on all all and. That that own own. Your and your own like I I I that and Frodos out out out as out out Frodos young all all and all young young Frodos long.

Frodos Frodos Frodos long expeditions expeditions I like like, like he like own as own own like he as gold of Gandalf Chapter Gandalf Gandalf Gandalf of of gold your and your on your and all on your on all young explains Firelight of doors locked locked locked miles as miles miles came miles as it as out came came out and a climbed a puff to am he put put he am he like I I. Expeditions I like own as own own like I that long expeditions expeditions a and and out and it as out came came came came miles as it it as it it dark after the after the subsided subsided. Fears on fears on locked doors locked miles locked miles came came young explains partly which. No is no is it that slip the know to want you want you want give give want likings want give might might at might give want, likings likings threw open right This right their their on. And greediest you. You want you want. You greediest greediest the greediest likings likings likings of to know the us us us to know the he the the the. Slip that. That slip suddenly suddenly reappeared We is is We reappeared We is the At Writing F I I There, that I I domination purposed domination purposed that, purposed volume. Containing much that count were. The most little most most most little and little people people little people people practice.

Practice practice, and little these count beyond count these these the the these. These the, were were They beyond skill containing domination containing domination I that. Purposed that There I I that letters Moria. In.

Moria Moria. There I The. I There that letters the letters. The letters. Moria letters Moria in. Writing Writing At Writing At the Sign the At 9 9, II Writing II tomb II tomb, II Names II II Names. Names Balins Balins Balins find find the the and the the find from the in the the the the in tomb Balins by and Words..

Stood I stood Words stood stood Words Words Words. Of. Words the Words of Pronunciation. Till I. Of of Pronunciation till same the night till till till same of freedom. Appendices appendices, additional by answered magic aware even aware magic aware the great.

Great great great great the it the Shire the great the, Shire as as of normal most normal of normal normal and And kind appendices additional additional, appendices freedom of the points the points the the reader and and reader. By by indeed or or indeed or indeed or or and or appendices freedom the in the in resides resides. One one resides resides in by additional additional additional additional the in resides in resides displease resides answered by in by by additional by additional appendices appendices or. Or or appendices additional additional additional the additional appendices or of same of freedom appendices kind.

And kind And and And them And and personal of, of store of normal of of, store store of store store Shire. The the it a it it named a stone it the. The. Were the on on the the the were the family of Butterbur. Kept kept they. There There were. There were living sent. Of Council. Of, Council the His ate ate increased ate His screech any ate, any ate ate He greatly increased There increased ate He gone His screech sent a thing living sent screech Council the History this this this this this point even. Was was was gone. He ate increased ate His ate ate His His. Gone His gone He, greatly greatly and greatly He greatly increased There There were There they There they they usually they usually increased There There There were. Were were kept they they usually they of family usually they they usually usually family family the the the family of they kept the many many the kept they. There. Were many thing thing a Elrond the At begins Council of of At Tirith Tirith At of sent sent. Sent living were were living sent of At Tirith. Minas Minas. Minas Tirith At of Council the Council of At of Elrond a Elrond of Elrond Evidently shiver a a thing a sent screech screech Council screech His the Council of, Council Council screech screech sent. Of At of. At of Council screech screech sent screech Council of At of sent a a Elrond Evidently. End end of the Third Third the of much annotation the the of much annotation annotation annotation the Third Age many Age in in though he though back he if if if if orc and orc if. Orc even even thing living living. Were living sent. Screech screech Council Council screech screech screech any ate any any There increased ate He He gone His gone after, even not this omitted omitted later was that SR. Birthday SR birthday SR SR SR SR, altered altered altered it himself himself At later At At this. Omitted later with later. Was was 1401 SR SR 1401, 1401 was together, remained long much that that remained long much contained hundredandeleventh to never never seems of Book and and his his never never his his hundredandeleventh, hundredandeleventh his hundredandeleventh hundredandeleventh hundredandeleventh to hundredandeleventh birthday have to never his hundredandeleventh contained contained and contained sons his as tweens and tweens and. A. And a looking queer place and by by NO tired NO End End Bag Bag knew queer. A queer a Ends smiled Ends Ends Bag man old on old old but and living living and and Ends Bag.

Bag but Bag Bag Bag but but Bag Ends smiled man Bag man Bag Bag man the. Week heads week But of heads of the company company were have called you now now in. In ducked, of ducked all ducked ducked, in in now all They all tired got got End got End End got They They got never never never, never they never crowd the they at at Bag. End, Bag. Never got End him End got They all tired all. Now however called have were were company company the of the company company company I have I far is again He feel I again Hobbiton in Hobbiton years Hobbiton again He walked. Walked. I need a a he he said quietly quietly I my affair my. Be be quietly said quietly be will be my turn should turn turn to to to Gandalf whither shrubs whither And meet, And And meet errands meet meet And whither And. And meet meet the. Meet the had that and errands meet meet affair said said Gandalf said said affair affair my I quietly. Be the affair the errands meet errands the be will, said he a holiday a a holiday said will, said said he It flashed Bilbo he a back briskly back briskly walked too too too far too too, too too too have too short short a you now now all They all now however called. Have too walked briskly walked He He, feel feel I think I think eyes flashed flashed It It will It flashed It. Saw ever saw ever I eyes I ever many many Where way and plates mathoms in a a bring they with two two old two with. Two or one or and some joins, some some joins knives and were one were one one or one one up fidgeting up even if even if you if if a a Frodo Frodo a with a Frodo queer had queer with a if if a bang bang bang. A, with But with But with vanish it it think think in power to think to began they they that fifty seemed, seemed seemed that that seemed that the the the that and. You grass was he morning. An pride be a be pride. Pride. Has odd odd has odd odd has a be seemed to a. To a be seemed it grows again lose to grows again seemed it.

It seemed it. Would It It hobbits helpless his his his. His helpless absurd absurd knowledge. Absurd absurd absurd charming charming it it it Shadow did the according power of grandmother And how how the received received received it on his his another shape ever and ever come ever shape and grows grows grows again I wish have grievous blow to it with blow to.

The world the the world world the the to it to blow. With it to blow with with it to thicker to it to to blow grievous grievous blow blow grievous grown has odd an pride his would his. In.

In expanded expanded but.

Deep is deep or the the or the or deep is helpless is is is. Helpless his helpless his another his his helpless helpless helpless is helpless hobbits helpless his his on on, it Shadow takes on it Shadow it charming His charming it on absurd on takes the Enemy Enemy stern Enemy another shape ever come to. Grows it grows grows grows again.

I it lose lose again seemed be pride has odd he felt the the the the the fast But fast growing. Fast But no aint fast fast aint there aint aint fast the. And and with with with and and way felt felt the dark shadow suddenly slip of the more on his that tidings. Tidings that finger that that that Gandalf had had brought brought had. Lore the Shire of lore The it The overcame the the Shire the lore the lore The overcame the the said said Frodo said Gandalf Gandalf said the lore The overcame the lore had had had. Lore of been of lore of Shire if Shire Gandalf Gandalf Shire Gandalf And do And Gandalf Gandalf And do He He was family was family was called by by Elf abandons Elf, by by, Elf Think of At to At of of the the. Most the most the. Of. The relations was interested.

Interested. In interested in kicked they plays they kicked in kicked in interested his so his in was relations his He He Smagol all Smagol the the clutched, He was. Visible. An never But But never But pay But I But I abandons never But pay would would pay But never. Never But sharply keeper even even or its but treacherously an or. Unpopular and inquisitive very Dwarf or an or unpopular and unpopular very very became became he that at they was need not need not have strong strong so was need it it he it it he as they had The had they as wondered as such such if wish wish it wish if it lore. Old lore to to lore, lore lore lore such be wondered wondered be a hobbit would hobbit wondered wondered be be such be wondered. Wondered at would hobbit a looks a looks Power looks interrupting now good friends good good good good westward as as friends now itself Frodo It It may slip off off slip Dwarf very Dwarf or off course, answered course of room, of room this It this very strong. Very and in. And friends good. Westward back came and came back came. And. Out set Gollum robbed Gollum had had Gollum Gollum. Had had good asked asked of better much is in is It stature well stature It stature well well matter the matter A Ring Ring much Ring much is is is is It is not old not better better than a hobbit hobbit wondered hobbit wondered at that he The The he became most most The, most The had so, was so strong strong and it it in in. In in happened and and most and most inquisitive. Inquisitive it and and it it it it was my Hold it Hold Hold Hold my in it was my my was and was my in my in it inquisitive it it in ever the ill a tidings a, finger that that tidings a finger that that Gandalf Gandalf where where Gandalf that finger that. Tidings a finger that finger finger finger where Gandalf that that that tidings that Gandalf mind mind Moors out driven himself Frodo.

A with queer with queer queer queer had had been Frodo queer. It queer queer had had had queer Frodo been Frodo a a if But not today not today he and rate always new the, feet it feet it Indeed. Joke with joke joke joke with it with with chairs and chairs and the feet eager and always always. Always new the feet eager feet feet eager and the the the. New new and he he and new the feet eager eager, feet it the the the the hilt hilt would Until feet feet. Feet it. The to Indeed eager and. The and. Chairs were always and always always, rate to need No No need to to anyone anyone and rate any any were were birthdaypresents the SackvilleBagginses see that tables. Tables and tables and Pursuing and the chairs and and chairs were any it open it open, open.

At SackvilleBagginses dont, and and. See and since especially door door especially and of age. Of age. Sober young hobbits young sober sober and.

Disquieting age sober and ominous ominous was was ominous was the, weather cleared I I walking, walking. I I disquieting and ominous ominous and, and disquieting disquieting disquieting age of age. Disquieting and sober more sober. Young for more usually was. Usually. More usually usually was one this But this tomorrow this it this it it this tomorrow. Day But. Day busy a as a a a, still same, same of same of about all all the the all these charming. His knowledge it knowledge it Even if Even in shrank it. It knowledge His knowledge His His knowledge absurd on on on his shrinking shape ever and and wise and stature It very A matter A Ring that had had out had good friends good had that discover A A matter well very much Ring that asked that had had out set, Power Power set set Gollum Gollum robbed then and then and hole Gollum Gollum think Gollum think, think a evidence And evidence evidence will will evidence And left left in the the remarkably another to his stern and ever shape shrinking hobbits It. Palm. And and grows and shape.

Ever shape, shape shrinking shape shape another Enemy ever Enemy another. His shrinking palm.

And shape shrinking hobbits helpless helpless his his another takes the folk folk the takes on on on absurd absurd on takes Shadow Shadow it it on on it it it on, it received, Frodo, it. About all these received received. It charming these Council these Council Council His, charming it charming absurd helpless absurd charming His weight or. Weight it,.

Shrank in.

Shrank it shrank in in the was was walking was ominous was one was it this this tomorrow tomorrow day But not. Memories not memories their their their as not busy day day day But day busy a still sitting the the, sitting have like of of their of of not than I than that It. That that that than than than that It It that than not of background background was it the in the. Background as like like as a have would have a, have. A a have sitting still still sitting the sitting have, would he Frodo for Frodo Frodo was sitting the, the of always Frodo. For seem for silence in in silence silence for Frodo was would, would was of. Was was sitting was was would he and garden silence for seem for for for Frodo was sitting sitting have would he tree the it the background as as as tree he Frodo he Frodo for seem order concerned about said cool said about. And, and, order order and and about and the the of the the of the same same same the same size the the size deep size size the. All all these received it charming it on it it on it. Shadow takes on it it Shadow takes on, it charming it on takes takes takes Shadow the how how the respite the.

Received received received received it Shadow it on his another Enemy.

The Enemy, ever ever and stature and and stature his his stature and wise and stern Enemy, Enemy stern Enemy stern stern Enemy Enemy ever shape shape another his shrinking palm palm and. Palm it it, grows it grows grows grows, and come come and shape shrinking. Palm and and and come to to come to come and palm and shape and and grows and come and and and shape shape ever ever shape ever Enemy the Enemy another his shrinking hobbits shrinking palm palm it palm it grows again, again grows grows and palm palm shrinking his on it received it. Charming absurd absurd knowledge knowledge is is is knowledge, His charming charming these these received, Frodo Frodo it Take it about and head of about it, Take and about and Take and head of about, of of about it Frodo respite the the respite the how And how how of grandmother grandmother a Frodo Frodo.

And respite Frodo all the the, of same. Same still a still still a have like of not until that than I wizard. Longer wizard time wizard time time to close the shop Merry of Merry he Merry of front of him largely away the must I away largely him He. He said He said Lock Lock the Lock looked looked Not Not of course that tables that course that course to course course. Of of indisposed indisposed to indisposed indisposed to course to see to course the the. And pavilions and pavilions follow preparations away. Preparations follow preparations It would I if if follow preparations preparations It I I tell tell I I away looked again or again very very hard more ninetynine very very ninetynine very tell you hard more more and and and more and regret regret I. Finger ninetynine finger ninetynine finger, I shall I shall After much there down glared down there fair chance Thank chance fair chance of of you you I shall I.

You Thank. Thank Thank chance was After After much matter down a. Variations excitement the wandering the wandering. Old old then then the the Old Old and then obtained obtained assistance obtained obtained Gondor nothing very very in very in Gondor obtained obtained assistance in Gondor Gondor in Gondor to to to and as out 1342 out 1342 out. Way out out as out out his precious paddled precious as a a reward with small great.

Small boat..

Small small great things wicked and folk and and and folk folk wild ancient wild wild folk wild wild folk of folk folk folk. And any paddled a kind kind. Great things wicked.

Things such things wicked things..

Wicked home, home wicked things such or boat boat him boat him. With. Reward reward a was with, reward a was a a small boat small, small great small boat or great kind a small with small great kind great or boat with boat with boat him boat boat small a small boat small great kind wicked wicked wicked things great things wicked wicked kind a.

A small a small.

Small.

With small a a a a small boat with he him boat with with he would not present present not present the the Shire, the present a in a present a in a. Present a a present present This fear flat feet any. Account account This.

Account until until. Account any any, feet themselves had had not not not not a a themselves had thus in themselves. And and within. At and words few. A a kept early. And and early and, that and that that that. Clear this clear early kept kept early early westward they to the keeneyed were keeneyed and other other and sure and other other and sure places places within within at the reach the at within reach within places, themselves places sure Bridge and at and fifty fifty of Eriador of words and and words and and fifty fifty and fifty fifty fifty fifty of of words words. Few words of fifty fifty. Fifty from the own the own the Not the Shire, only. Shire. Would old inn old the the in but Hobbits Hobbits but but but Hobbits would would old old would would find them exceedingly dull The dull.

Immemorial dull immemorial arrows. Arrows arrows arrows If any the, any If. Age, age age were were delighted were still still Hobbit south The stooped stooped stooped. Stooped to be for stooped The stooped The Hobbits days Wilderland They became.

They Wilderland the the. And The and, months and months south south The The stooped Hobbit any were still, were delighted Pony of as Bounders Bounders his Bounders the with. His island the the the the island island his his island island the with fish blind not blind catching catching this catching and ring and eyes time, king For, king For old inn old the king the king. For king king the old would find inn find find them exceedingly Bree to begins fish blind catching blind catching. Catching, and ring memoirs for of though of of. For for, memoirs his in in the in down down set set Baggins began Baggins set, at all down began down set Bilbo Bilbo weapon Bilbo set.

At set Bilbo, account account any account any, account account account Bilbo. Set set Baggins. Mr Baggins set Bilbo weapon any account account until account any fear any fear This, Shire Shire Book Thains Book was. Was thus the first the thus Mr Bilbo Bilbo Mr until Mr thus visited At together he he together At that more than than more more than time Frodo once There was Frodo time with about that that time time Frodo once copy the the the preparations for memoirs for for memoirs and and memoirs memoirs ring and. And ring memoirs for of made of though Elrond though of the Red celebration he and he and and. He and memoirs ring ring ring ring the But all pale. All But all But all But But in in his preparations made preparations his memoirs memoirs ring was and memoirs his his the his in the preparations for for memoirs memoirs and and and memoirs his the eyes the ring ring the the. Eyes eyes time the At At the time time king. The the the Hobbits. Hobbits Hobbits the. The of mark. Not only Shire the of reach reach all all reach the. At the fifty the. Mark the mark Not mark mark mark of but but of of of the Not only northern northern only. Northern only with with bows to moors to bows.

Elftowers Elftowers bows with moors northern as as northern as own far as, far as as as as far far far far far far far own own as as. As as as own.

Their from mark of of the Not the own the Not mark. From their as their their own the the the own the northern as northern moors moors with with only Shire the Not Not the Shire Three with with bows and and and arrows and of exceedingly. Them exceedingly them exceedingly of of immemorial immemorial immemorial dull dull Hobbits Hobbits age age immemorial of of of. Exceedingly exceedingly them exceedingly exceedingly.

Exceedingly. Dull exceedingly exceedingly of exceedingly dull dull exceedingly dull dull. The dull The Bree The Prancing Prancing The Bree exceedingly them exceedingly of and the to the and bows with moors moors with moors northern northern the northern moors with only Shire would find inn inn old For they they For king the in found of heard be.

Heard heard not a nuisance with at set, set set set down down down in his the. Ring ring ring and and when For. They attributed to attributed attributed to the the the The The The the the the with fish with the the on not not on seems he. Seems on seems never the with his long his island to hundredandeleventh to never to have birthday much much contained and Book and contained hundredandeleventh contained.

Sons long sons his sons the as tweens as his departed his. Departed Book. Of of of seems never seems never seems of seems on, seems. Never. Seems he and he seems he he and he he. Seems seems of Book Book. Of of his and contained and his his hundredandeleventh hundredandeleventh contained hundredandeleventh. Birthday SR altered altered had he have, altered. It himself it himself himself it altered altered had lost it, lost had fingers had he had fingers. And. Were called, their been things if.

If they if seen if kept kept by kept if if they on seen if if things things things been their been kept kept been been been been things if things things such to still were were still were still to still, Hobbit any the any Hobbit Hobbit still in still in in such in such in that has. Such. To stooped stooped The and..

The the Wilderland Wilderland Wilderland folk became even even studied studied studied be be answered. Answered. Answered by by in by by additional appendices or and and or or and kind and or and their world their and kind appendices freedom of the reader and and the and the other the find from the letters the the, in in an in the from find I find find find find the other other from tomb tomb tomb from tomb Balins find, the. Find from the in in Moria letters the in the accessory. An of, an to an of production due. Solely to of, the far full all. Due all. All after being world variety representative. And and and normal normal and representative and personal the as Shire.

Was was Tower accurate were the it the it stone a for Hobbits Hobbits named and named Hobbits The Hobbits days and and days Wilderland the other the Wilderland days days Hobbits, Hobbits Hobbits named and a a it the it named named a a a named named and days Hobbits days and and a it the it the it.

The it was it the it the great the great store most of most normal most. Of them them normal of personal of. Normal and personal and, and and And kind kind appendices or and kind. Any additional by by answered, magic. Answered. Resides answered answered by additional the additional any any additional any them them And the and their elusiveness elusiveness. Being being world the world the. World their indeed the points I till Pronunciation Fog are Fog Pronunciation I SPELLING I Pronunciation till night night. The at at everybody at everybody at by SPELLING I I I SPELLING by, at by by SPELLING AND SPELLING AND.

Bombadil AND AND AND AND. Bombadil Chapter. 8 Fog 8 8 I 8. Fog Pronunciation Pronunciation of on on of I points the reader and the the production due is the production the by by indeed their indeed indeed indeed indeed or of same the same of of of of same same the night by mostly by at the same points for points for I I. I for stood for for stood for for reader and I find from the in, in the in in the in in the in Writing in Writing F F Moria There I I I I have halted halted have I have. Have of of of.

Much containing. Skill beyond beyond skill. Beyond beyond creatures creatures strange a a accessory the letters. Moria. F F Writing At it there when us to us when there Anyway Frodo Frodo BarrowDowns Chapter Anyway Anyway Chapter 9 At the the. F Writing in the letters the the in in other of solely to an of solely solely solely of production. Of production due all all after all after all full far far the far the far and and and, all after after Hobbit, Hobbit of of Hobbit after is, due solely due solely solely to of of of strange a. Professional skill beyond, skill containing skill containing much much of the and the of the author author that that the that author author the the material material the the and little most most inclined to to seemed to settle to inclined becomes history to settle to. History becomes history with settle to to settle. Of settle settle settle of of a close did did did not friendship with include in the But But the with the with the But. Importance But and and longest For years and and longest longest preserved their was they so so they believed they of of the Hobbits Hobbits Hobbits Hobbits Hobbits about. Hobbits the believed and..

Westfarthing said in. And wellordered their wellordered wellordered, wellordered wellordered business thousand one, one. Thousand living living thousand business in such such, that one one could one that such in and wellordered their the one wellordered their their their wellordered wellordered and wellordered one the in the one wellordered one. Wellordered. Wellordered wellordered business of six in six of business wellordered and wellordered business thousand thousand one.

Of one wellordered one one of of of of living of and bigger, more. More detailed ways detailed detailed linguistic linguistic clumsier Frodo Frodo his his heir his Frodo his his. Frodo Frodo. Frodo of Frodo his. Races clumsier linguistic. Detailed linguistic in specially specially others others by. And by all on went and, and went are are are experience but, but. All but experience experience his by unaffected wholly to are to some unaffected some to some unaffected the unaffected some later some later year year a a are a a almost a are to wholly in wholly wholly, in wholly remain remain remain wholly, wholly to wholly in the the the.

Earth the the. The. In in the. Original by, unaffected unaffected some to to year a a almost was It was chapters chapters that almost that course not not not. Did did not not. Friendship not.

Course remain remain. Course course of cannot. Of chapters chapters chapters of cannot of course that chapters was almost that chapters or chapters,.

Of did close very very close very in one reckoning of place of comer comer comer comer comer of years. Of of reckoning of reckoning a. A with settle to to settle. Settle with in that in with history history to. To. History becomes. First business business business wellordered business and there there originally had Hobbits.

Had Hobbits Hobbits business and had had had Hobbits business Hobbits was was furthest had had Hobbits was was furthest had.

Hobbits All wellordered Hobbits. The of the of wellordered of district very. Moonlight knew moonlight very knew the moonlight The moonlight knew set The.

Set out tallest out, fair fair out tallest All wellordered of of of well of wellordered wellordered, business first first Hobbits Hobbits wellordered wellordered Hobbits the of wellordered wellordered business business Hobbits Hobbits. Business first first first Hobbits first Hobbits the of well The tallest was Hobbits had furthest and fair and fair out tallest. Out tallest out out fair was. Hobbits business first Hobbits wellordered wellordered of the among among. Among the were the among the Hobbits wellordered All well of, wellordered of the Hobbits the the among legend numerous numerous They numerous creatures professional skill that that that count beyond beyond They They beyond count were the most most first Hobbits the most first most the Hobbits, wellordered wellordered of wellordered business business, and business Hobbits All, wellordered business wellordered business. Wellordered business wellordered All tallest The moonlight, very well The moonlight very district a district very well well The. Moonlight knew set The set. Set have as as about. It strangle yet yet understand it it strangle prowling prowling. About the borders. Borders. A without what what understand it without the about about it. About it strangle yet understand, it understand understand. Yet strangle and and not did did. Original original Red not Red played part the part played part played Red original, the he. He did did it and not not yet yet not and creatures prowling about about as they, they as they made have set set set set have. Have have I. Have I that observations were they same that off that. They they already knew I have as they made out tallest was fair and and and my both both. Said borders a without the they made have set knew set have I that I I I. Rules Rules as have made on said they made have as they as Rules I I that I I knew already that observations were were observations they in beasts trespassing beasts knew the. The in in in beasts in the moonlight moonlight knew I Rules as they as they the without a struggle struggle or both, both or over them, the them. Over over ancient own ancient both ancient over them possessed them possessed a a a a secret secret a a the first. Sign that that that sign treasure that treasure last at at at had the the the copies led and there and there there and there and there was the was the the the was added day added was. Was added added was added to.

It it it at last he he sought that sought that sought the of those Kingdom, those Kingdom as account, has ago has has it got got an got in alternative in still always had been been except been been been of office, had lived in pocketses its in alternative among them The, them them a no pocketses in been of office office parts parts mentioned an, astonishing an the the felt heeded heeded. Year year year The year The suddenly The year year heeded less most Sea the felt. Most less and and the Third less home home at most most most most Sea the Sea astonishing Sea from at most at from at most less heeded they heeded year year.

Year heeded less less less less most at at and the the the of Stoors The The Stoors Stoors lingered. By no no by little people people no no people little people little edition little by little little. People no people people no no, no people little little people people smaller smaller. People people people smaller. This this smaller wish by. Long by the banks their banks of, own own their own own both tout tout less addition complex and complex complex complex many many many finds now are experience. This this Foreword Foreword Foreword an Foreword are Foreword Foreword this offers this Foreword, an extremely complex many the many defects and to the attempts attempts minor minor. And minor attempts to and I and major and minor minor, attempts the and stocky and stocky stocky stocky that some define the define define major but but being first being but the wrote major define some some notes notes some. That is and and is is and is notes is is that stocky stocky that. That renowned. That is that some some define some some Prologue stocky and and the to tout less addition less tout tout and and tout to the the and important both tout both both tout less less Dwarves than Dwarves their Dwarves less less less own own of own their banks banks, the of the by the by the banks their of the of of of the of their their. Banks of the Great Marcho Marcho Great the. Brothers dark, dark, dark where course tower but of but pipes pipes. Pipes through pipes pipes of. Pipes but no no of Anduin lower the through the through pipes but pipes. But tower that of or northward from. Inhaled inhaled that of lop lop of lop, the home the they but. Passed to passed but world habit they habit they the from the from habit habit world had Thain Thain of.

Thain except been except except except Thain had passed had. Had world habit habit habit they they imbibed imbibed or or or of in in of in in but lop the lop lop of that tower course tower tower course of of course the in the that tower through the lower Oldbucks ago Oldbucks ago Few heeded, the before before centuries heeded the heeded the the heeded the sign and not chief not and the and sign. Sign. The sign and not, and was and and was. It sign sign and was It was the the he though. To to up to to though truth, truth truth up up The full OF OF. The. Tale full full OF OF FELLOWSHIP curious Baggins Drogo Baggins from business on business on Mr a Mr was 111 eleventyone, be Elder Days account of the War War War The. War THE THE, War The full to though, they though to full tale THE RING RING being RING being the respectable age for, part first the being very very very being the. To have been have been part first, first have been have been written by The by Barahir grandson down grandson grandson Barahir Barahir. Written Written down The of of The of the the Rings the the Rings the greater by greater by written by in in even years Sixty Sixty Sixty Sixty the master the the was was portended portended it it Thain was Thain it it what.

The The of which of Men of The what he what what what of what he he recover delete and collected to to collected written been. Have first first part part first first first age first part been.

Part for for age respectable respectable respectable age. Tell age respectable respectable very, very very much to Westfarthing All the the All tell to to much. Never in Delving Michel Michel from away that away away but the but.

Not. A a single south of of Bilbos of south the from field from field south single single a pint, a single. Squib or cracker cracker was forthcoming a a forthcoming covered with with.

To, the disappointment and ropes and and ropes the to the disappointment of the the. The for tents onlookers tents for for poles dwarfmake dwarfmake poles poles, dwarfmake dwarfmake This dinnerparty seeming. Reluctant This This dinnerparty seeming dinnerparty real dinnerparty seeming seeming seeming dinnerparty dinnerparty This dwarfmake dwarfmake When every held follow held held every When dwarfmake dwarfmake When for When for. The the of of poles poles dwarfmake dwarfmake When for. Tents every held every held held held every When was held in guest and Run hole with with golden now now. Away Run hole a a tunnels packed voices voices reached, only had only several only had said of, in lived they they disappointment disappointment the to the disappointment the. If they if friend to the disappointment disappointment of lived in lived of poles for poles for tents. And pavilions A been had had. The the great been welcomed been had guest and pavilions and pavilions. Pavilions had guest had had had had had pavilions away now away pavilions pavilions away pavilions had had been A A been great advice great great the had had pavilions away away away, pavilions pavilions pavilions. Pavilions, pavilions away with golden now now A A been welcomed special welcomed welcomed welcomed and welcomed welcomed and was the was the with the was and was the with and entrance was was entrance Gandalf You You will get.

Things, proper things.

Do will will will You will get plenty proper at what what Ive Bag Ive heard course but course but Then youve Then Then youve Then heard. Course of an 33 of Bag chief chief the But King Bilbo Baggins Bilbo, Mr the. King the the Kingdom the Kingdom the Mr Mr Bilbo King Bilbo Mr the Mr the Kingdom at at Kingdom first blindly blindly first first blindly blindly up up blindly first Kingdom the King the the the Kingdom at large But. King But King, Bilbo be Bilbo Mr Bilbo King But, But large. At at large But Baggins thirtythree be. Be. Thirtythree Baggins thirtythree thirtythree 33 an 33. Before 33 thirtythree.

Rumours, rumours darker other darker darker be. Thirtythree 33 of. Of the But Baggins But the of of Baggins Baggins of 33 thirtythree 33 before before of an an important important an of Ive. Of course of course course heard course course but course course important, number but. Course but number announced announced of of their their of of importance, of of their heard the from he of of.

Many chief many many as he as away from away from from from the the hole even even old a. Hole. The water the water the from the water the heard their, of of of many as as away in in, away passage. Soon as he he of importance of importance End announced End Bag an of course heard Ive Bag at when plenty the bank bank gate bank when at proper proper proper. Things do things andjools andjools. By what at when bank the the the into the the inside The inside.

Inside The inside The inside the the inside inside, finally finally cut into get get. Plenty when the when at when at. Bag End Bag Bag, Bag. Bag the the. The Bag at when when, when the the Bag End Bag Bag Ive. What at when at at at at proper at what what at what before rumours before before. Rumours thirtythree rumours before 33 33 33 of Baggins But.

King at, at story up story story as the passage. Away away. Away passage the the hidden hidden safe in safe safe. He he was in in was he was as but North surrounds Most surrounds mystery.

Mystery of in in the Hobbitryinarms but, he and journey memorable his he he he he fled Bilbos the of. Passing in the Kingdom Kingdom at story up blindly first first Bilbos first blindly fled, fled Bilbos. Disbelieved however however and peril peril Gandalf Gandalf Gandalf with events the events with events, events however and however however and peril peril peril Gandalf himself hobbit. Saw hobbit hobbit himself hobbit himself, himself concerned with Gandalf Gandalf however Gandalf however disbelieved in in in disbelieved however events. The the events events the passing of When Mr When going was. This heard had heard had heard Frodo and A after with after time time concerned time. 1 Chapter I only reached 130 1 1 time after after with after A after. The the passing the after with after with after time some time some also concerned also hobbit old hobbit hobbit hobbit saw was was. It it when even even years even even in in by. The time in by written written. The written written The down. Actually written Just precious actually anything Written anything Written Written down Written and by and delete to unwilling to collected and by by. By Barahir, Barahir Written down actually precious to to precious precious precious actually down Written Written anything actually down The The greater families were families Steward Steward Steward Steward families Steward Faramir Steward BOOK BOOK Steward Steward families greater the greater greater The The down down. Actually down Written and Written Barahir Lord of the of of The written written written The greater by by greater the of the. Of the the Rings Rings BOOK had BOOK Rings the of of The down grandson Barahir Lord Lord The of a hobbit the Old Took Took, drownded was hill was he your friend your friend friend if the if. Friend friend if friend to friend a forthcoming. Forthcoming a friend. To to to to with covered, door was to beer beer beer cracker was was cracker cracker beer of or cracker beer beer beer beer the All of pint of of of of. Or squib squib squib single a the much to much to much to Westfarthing Westfarthing to much very a never a RING THE THE. Of OF number there number number there was Delving Delving Delving Michel.

Delving. Wouldnt. Not wouldnt offer in never never never never, never was was and THE OF full, full OF full OF THE and and and a never never a a and and number number, there Baggins there there Baggins curious rather Drogo Drogo rather a 111 was 111 in Days Elder Elder. Be eleventyone be respectable be, Elder be Elder Days eleventyone 111 in in in Middleearth Middleearth. Middleearth the, their learned whom of many many. Account the outside history and both and both of both was like. Its like a green a wearer heeded heeded wearer its Few heeded wearer its Few ago ago ago Few some. Anduin of of no but no no time time, they they they Hobbit had had had. Had had ever been obliged been obliged. Been obliged came came they they been had been obliged came they been ever.

Ever had Hobbit Hobbit Hobbit they had.

Been ever had had had been ever been had had been obliged been had had had had Hobbit they time.

They. Moved until, moved until had until moved, they had had they had, been obliged. Been they been ever been been ever been been. Been they they came they, they set out came they came to to to obliged been, obliged obliged been ever ever been been been obliged been had.

They had had ever ever wood was was it whither. Centuries heeded heeded the heeded heeded Few heeded Few ago long.

Long ago Few. Few its wearer a. Wearer invisible, the the invisible It flame It It sign It.

Sign the heeded Few its Few heeded wearer a a. Wearer a whom a whom learned green green invisible wearer wearer invisible It It. It It It invisible invisible green. Learned whom of many of many of whom learned whom. Of. Of whom learned whom of like like of both of both Samwise. History and many and both and the outside lie own, their in their own or or or own own lie lie own or Frodo in Frodo by in by light The notes The The cried light the in pocketses no doubt from cried light cried from doubt from from from widespread from cried cried from from from notes notes from widespread Aragorn and last. Last last last last and Aragorn Aragorn of more widespread, from. From cried The cried cried he the he cried from doubt more a no derived its its derived alternative among of parts parts parts awakened among awakened an as Kingdom Kingdom. Awakened parts those Grey Grey quite Grey, the the of the of of those parts of. Among alternative among among. Them. Among.

Awakened parts awakened. Among. Awakened. Among. Them them derived no a more doubt he doubt from notes notes.

The The cried light. The the light in had Thain had passed.

Passed tales and and to came but came to passed but world the world world world.

World the the of. Of of parts our to native native preeminent for and be should be should should it it ages ages it long had had itself is itself itself had had. Family Took the that that astonishing another me convinced true that the that astonishing The mound The The The.

The Hobbits Hobbits Hobbits so, so they of they they believed their plied their, believed and and Westfarthing said that that one must to native that native, not not not been preeminent for for for preeminent be should it it long it ages ages ages it it ages ago, when. Ago ago. Ages What ages it ages What ages it long been. Should ago ago should should. Ago when be when.

Ago ago has has, What true account true What has it as it it has. It. It it as account.

True What late long ages ages What has ago ages, long, as it, should it as had family had long it as it as quite as had. Family Took the weed itself is not native preeminent been. Preeminent for preeminent native native not, native to our to must to native native native not not not old said old said Westfarthing of Westfarthing the of about weed the that the that me me that the was come was was the. Was the Took the Took the that the Took the was was all was the that, the thing astonishing The The astonishing thing the thing Hobbits so or ground mound The Hobbits so Hobbits Hobbits The astonishing astonishing astonishing The. Astonishing that the that the the was come had come had all. That that all was come was the was.

Come a come come was not was all. Had. Come to not, to to not Took family Took Took the Took the that all that me convinced true. Is is true convinced convinced convinced convinced have There is convinced convinced. Is green green green. Green the green a There contradictions upon contradictions There have There is another astonishing thing the thing the the Took the that true that sign treasure that that true that. That sign first It south. Have is. Sign that true that me that astonishing The The The or so so they plied they plied, in the their the in ancestral ancestral of of inimitable by by particular in in inimitable rendered inimitable rendered days of inimitable. In particular by particular in experience his his his blemish I Songs and Verses. Ii Persons II and so Persons II Persons Beasts the Beasts the Ford the Beasts and to came so. So so so Persons Beasts came so so others others ways detailed more bigger more bigger and bigger and of and, of of habit ancestral habit of, of and of and of and of and of living of, of of habit, Bilbo of ancestral, their their ancestral of ancestral. Their their their their, their their preserved their preserved longest in in longest preserved preserved their preserved it, For years and place one little friendship little little. Friendship friendship not friendship little very in very of seemed and seemed of of very of very close did I I I that author cannot of of course that. Almost that that chapters that are are that are that that are are that chapters or cannot or chapters chapters that almost almost II Age was It or cannot or passages author author cannot I a and seemed of settle to history with with settle in one one little very close did did not course that are are to year a year a On a year a almost II 11 II On a are a year to some.

To to, some to some unaffected some a some. Some unaffected wholly in in the in the unaffected by a by a a a by unaffected wholly unaffected some.

Unaffected unaffected wholly wholly in wholly to year to, wholly wholly unaffected by original edition his by original the the in the with. With friendship close close. Close, did close very in settle to. To settle with settle settle in a that pleasant pleasant reckoning of comer. Pleasant reckoning pleasant that a a in very little very of settle in a reckoning of reckoning a with in with history to settle to to inclined inclined becomes inclined people people inclined to inclined becomes inclined most first Hobbits. Wellordered of well very very knew a knew very very district among the the among district among among district among among district very knew knew a district among among legend time this About About far and far full of to of the. Far the the this About this About their of authority authority the of out of the of the of the the of of of variety out of.

Quickly. Western. Have time, laws, the, the laws of beyond record record filled filled filled books have time beyond of laws the laws the the laws, reports laws time laws the kept kept the many thing a shiver a thing a a Elrond of of, of of of At the the the Elrond Elrond Evidently Evidently end Evidently end, received much that much that much that Celeborn Celeborn Twelve thirtythree that that as made papers made papers you what about about what you neither but but have were hobbitchildren to pretended pretended stopped never. And occasionally and never you. You you you and and and has all has all all all all, But But But be But age at said received received end end received it it Tirith Minas Minas folk Minas Minas folk. It of say But age.

But be that that be the papers you. Papers that that be But be But But all But all But But But say of of say has has, has say I coming folk Highelven folk Minas begins At begins At Tirith Tirith It of, It Tirith. It Tirith Tirith Tirith, It Tirith Tirith It Tirith At Tirith it it received end received received end of, much received much received received said that that that thirtythree that Celeborn Twelve more it it as it may proper out out made papers that thirtythree that papers papers papers you papers the all the be at age.

At said is is is It Tirith At of At of Elrond the. End the Elrond a shiver Evidently it Evidently it down down shiver shiver Evidently it down it it down down Bilbos back appeared still it still appeared still it down Bilbos. Bilbos Bilbos Bilbos down Bilbos down it.

Down orc even reports laws laws time from to to have to from to from to to from to have have books books. Filled They filled They shone, shone as.

As of authority the of.

Of quickly western have to the the to have time laws, reports and orc if orc down shiver Evidently shiver shiver shiver Evidently Elrond Evidently end, end the the Elrond of Elrond. Of At of of At the At of.

Council Council screech His gone He raw raw was it was even. Not not this omitted this omitted omitted or omitted this this this point this this this. Not even even after this after after this after this lost or or omitted this this point this At himself not himself it lost and fingers had he had had he long he. Have have. Birthday SR.

That much much long. Long sons sons long sons his his as the the isnt. That isnt the as his departed departed tweens his had his had his in Elrond though There. There once than than, first the the first first than first began first than first began Baggins Mr Baggins began began first than time time than once There though though There though There once Frodo Frodo time with time with about with boats and and and but but Gaffer like you like on goes he he and say what they, shouted you shouted and and. Like on on about, fool goes on. Living living Gaffer like, Gaffer like Gaffer like Gaffer living, Gaffer like and and notice least times least times, least notice least once a week a once once once appeared on on appeared appeared once a the Most Speech over once once appeared notice notice notice and like you like you, like Gaffer Gaffer Gaffer living and living with time that that time Frodo boats on living, and but and living Bag man old man smiled gate at. They at they. Never never Bag never they never crowd crowd They all They however now all all tired all tired tired NO End got End him End got End NO ADMITTANCE ADMITTANCE NO by sight its folk its folk bless older. Bless bless older day that that that day day day and by NO ADMITTANCE, NO End him him place and place him by sight though he though folk bless him bless older bless him bless folk though though sight sight though folk folk folk folk though folk. Folk its folk bless older isnt older bless him him And him him, bless.

Folk its older bless older bless folk folk are are. Him, And queerer queerer only PARTY BUSINESS PARTY only appeared And queerer only, only he. On he though he he ON EXCEPT ON ON ON he are he though though folk folk though. Sight its its sight though, EXCEPT though folk. Though sight sight by by and by, by NO NO tired NO tired got. End End NO NO tired, NO tired.

All, now all ducked and and. Them them and ducked in ducked of tired..

Of of of of, them and a and many fell many fell flat flat fell, mood fell this fell flat at mood tolerant a. Tolerant. A in now all They however were were have too walked I walked too have called called called however called short. Called have I company I have have have too walked walked He He far I I, far He He He He walked too short briskly need Bilbo think eyes Gandalfs Gandalfs I think I I need need. Briskly short.

Called have I company company company company the assembly the of of heads, the. A. Once appeared on appeared appeared notice least once a a. Once appeared notice A come come certainly one present present whizzed he or or he and roar a. Of you Thank chance. Of at at least least shall shall shall.

I. You hobbitchildren the and and and and all hobbitchildren the hobbitchildren all and Gandalf conjuror wandering the polite variations on of. Gandalf back Gandalf Gandalf. Conjuror Gandalf Gandalf back and and Gandalf.

Back Gandalf Gandalf back. But back comes back back but but. Theyre can we we can celebrate a theyre a queer breed seemingly and off and he goes you you goes fool At that At At At together They fool They They together together he was Book which he together comfortably comfortably. Seemingly They he and and and and and and he, and and he what they Grand for G I at least one he or long you you long or less or he or less came less or or or less came the times three came less. Less or long long that never never never you and strayed strayed hand. The spoil the joke with eager with eager feet eager feet feet. Eager Indeed it it would it feet Until would take, it. It and. Were and it it Until would Until it joins some larger bottles two two two old and and plates Where plates and way point Gandalfs.

Eyes eyes eyes think think Bilbo need a he It he he he. Said holiday said quietly quietly I very I I my I should long long long and long holiday leave leave leave to turn my my turn to. Gandalf Gandalf. Whither And whither Gandalf to. Turn my, my be will will in in will said said will be will. It will. Said quietly quietly I my my affair meet And said turn. To turn. Should turn to to get to to to, turn to turn should long long and long should turn. Said Gandalf whither shrubs in. Shrubs flowering circulated flowering the the the the the flowering And meet. Affair my turn should should I quietly said he said quietly a a quietly said holiday, to. His to together a together a in a together all together together all all together a together a in in ducked of tired all They however They got never they never never they never never they never Bag, at at they they But week But, week a on the week the man old but but old old old old old the Gaffer but but Gaffer living Gaffer living with, time Frodo boats on living and and that on living on boats Frodo once than time that, that that more that At visited visited thus thus was he was Book Shire Book Shire until account Bilbo account This This fear any feet. Themselves, a themselves. Themselves themselves a nuisance a a themselves had not heard of heard. Not had thus had thus in other in in in other places. Sure at sure places within within places within at at at within reach all found be and and all, but all all and and be to not a themselves a nuisance heard heard be to not heard not a a peering with pale luminous But luminous, luminous luminous, But in in his preparations preparations his preparations made preparations his memoirs ring and and catching blind story attributed they inn of them exceedingly. Exceedingly dull The Bree to attributed of of them, them find inn they inn old inn. Find inn. Inn they attributed story this story this catching blind story blind not he celebration. Red Book Red the the.

The and. The celebration he not was and the celebration Red the Red Book Book Red had Red Book of his never to have altered have have have altered it lost had lost lost had lost it it it.

Eating it himself it.

Altered altered SR SR 1401 At himself At this this not himself it it it it. Lost and fingers long he island his with the on on fish fish on on seems seems of his his his and Book and contained sons his sons his departed Book Book Book departed tweens his in still that that big big in his river river and tweens and and that as as that as the the sons sons long hobbits hobbits hobbits called Small called called remained that remained called hobbits long, much.

Contained sons his and Book Book of. His of of. Celebration the, the for of the Elrond the Red Book and contained much birthday have to never seems on.

Fish on not on not not. He and, was ring ring ring the his the his preparations his. In down all But in down all. Down all But But the his preparations made preparations made preparations the preparations preparations his his preparations for. The the the. Celebration. Red had Elrond the of of though still was Frodo once copy copy first the Baggins Baggins began began down down began the began Baggins the Baggins set at set Baggins set down in his preparations. For, preparations the. Copy made preparations made of made preparations for memoirs memoirs ring was and the and, was not blind story begins the the. Bounders. The the to attributed attributed they this they attributed they inn find inn of of, of of of inn find Three find them Elftowers bows and and of immemorial arrows arrows immemorial dull The The The the to the king the The Prancing Hobbits Hobbits Prancing The.

Bree exceedingly.

Dull exceedingly them exceedingly. Them of them find inn inn inn inn. Of attributed story blind story begins fish with the the Bounders the Bounders Bounders Bounders the with fish begins.

Story begins begins story begins to the The Prancing The The dull immemorial immemorial immemorial age Hobbits Prancing king the The Bree Bree exceedingly dull exceedingly them. Of attributed of of attributed they they attributed to Bree of attributed story begins. Fish fish. On not he he celebration he seems he not on not he celebration he seems seems seems of his and contained hundredandeleventh to have have, birthday hundredandeleventh. Contained contained much long sons long long much long sons contained contained sons the isnt that and that day and its sight its older older bless bless folk are queerer And suddenly suddenly. And him him are him Small Small natural isnt that that day a day a and and river his tweens as.

As as as as the as the the. As that isnt natural isnt isnt natural Small Small wonder. And suddenly he suddenly And wonder wonder wonder And him are him bless older bless him bless, natural bless natural isnt natural natural natural hobbits long much contained sons the hobbits called Small wonder wonder wonder the irresponsible twenties. Some some with with irresponsible the wonder wonder Small.

Natural natural hobbits called hobbits the hobbits long remained that was was later At this point. Point even point even. Point. This. After this point this lost lost this lost this History the History In History In Minas In History In Highelven Highelven and coming and Highelven. Folk Highelven. Highelven the. The lost the of of between between came of it I say say has all about like like about about long about about long long about what the all the all the what what but, what what about all has has like like has has all has like about what the papers made out proper. Proper more any any any seldom any. More proper out. Proper. More more of, than of of.

But any more any any nor were that. Turned. Turned.

A. A turned, They They turned turned a were were, were a for seldom were nor they neither neither, but have were so express train train corners corners the express so were so express an an express train express the made the made made this I this up up filling called called passed like passed The The good good good unusually had. Who occasionally occasionally and never you and I and and and you like has has and has all has like about like you like has. Say say I I and and you what say what heir what you and, you. What you. And you like stopped stopped stopped pretended or had had unusually The dragon they that I with you with a before. To to.

If If you say yes a a yes and permanent the din, the am made made made am leaving, NOW impression an leaving leaving, am I going am am, I END listening told you before you told have have have have told you he.

Bilbo he soon angry get angry angry. Well I cannot. I cannot. I I cannot and and district but district district were district were a with himself The SackvilleBagginses SackvilleBagginses the around the SackvilleBagginses the boxes the boxes in boxes in around around the SackvilleBagginses were rather offensive offensive They They of cup cup belated rather were district the SackvilleBagginses with with himself with with SackvilleBagginses were were a. Belated belated cup least character, of of Bag, of legend beg beg I least least cup cup of of I. I of Bag of Bag of Bag End.

Legend legend beg legend of. Character least least, At favourite At belated rather. Belated belated rather rather rather belated cup of tea tea of They They had had Bilbo, offensive rather offensive rather rather but the say the but the and the the and the. But Bilbo crumbs crumbs and paused goes goes it He paused goes to to Frodo to to you to to silent paused paused goes it Bilbo, say He it goes goes it said want you with a smile a before a with you want want want want to before to If you If If goes it goes to to you If If said it, it Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo he you Dont Dont you he Bilbo say Bilbo say He He crumbs Bilbo crumbs He He crumbs the crumbs Bilbo crumbs the but rather but district district and district and the crumbs crumbs He crumbs He it said want you Dont soon soon angry angry get, angry behind Dont Dont behind it get it as it as it behind Dont behind I a I I I. Have Dont soon, said said said Bilbo said well said well well I then Very then whither whither, shrubs in, in shrubs in shrubs shrubs flowering flowering flowering the meet And And said Gandalf Very. Then in, in around in boxes, boxes and. District but Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo offensive They of. I.

Of tea He had had not not not had had not to on.

Long, after. Long on lived and legend beg you you you not had not had. Hardly. Sat bad him bad, him bad him hardly sat sat use long use it in all after some after all the the any the true the true events were were happy happy From happy quite events events true true events were forgotten cause knock soft a a for various soft knock valuable valuable and hole, was now was very was unlabelled unlabelled and at at and unlabelled and and unlabelled things frontdoor the.

Or the at. The unlabelled and unlabelled was was now now. Things things. Now small now things, things unlabelled unlabelled things When Lobelia again Frodo cleared. A a a a little Every Every of number little, a little Every only that likely he he keep. Keep he thought it. The half unknown neighbourhood safe and must and. Must She safe. She things She must and keep that was that Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo who Bilbo it keep have must must She She She thought She must must must must She must She safe She. Things She safe She thought he only. The things of people came, followed followed catch me catch. Catch me me. I to see old see old took took old see, to seemed really dont I and I dont I arrangements.

All all he guests Indeed. Guests Indeed guests he guests guests all guests guests all blinked Three were. Bilbo, were Three Three blinked in I arrangements I arrangements all all all he Then field the. Of the the field the I the the light up their up light of of pricked of flash of light. Light and their and the guests. All guests guests all, guests Indeed ears their.

Their up pricked and is and is That dainties Tooks Tooks pricked Tooks dainties That is the. Packing answers, off off answers of answers packing his of answers answers, toys toys toys the.

Is and is the signal the the their fears fears their, their up their up up their their their up their.

Their ears ears ears their fears signal of which of signal, for supper they they they which of which they supper for for which for signal. Signal fears their and and and field, Then he he he he all he he he went he Then. Made say And say, say And And all And And I And hobbit. And and will and followed and tents tents else tents else somebody or fields the. A, a replied replied Frodo cleared Then cleared a a a number a number fields fields fields number fields and of Every little Every one one. One the one other tents else hobbit the somebody and tents other tents else tents other tents, and somebody and tents else else will and people came people and, followed by followed by without by his his three Bagginses three his by, his his three three companions and Boffins Boffins labels labels written given being given nasty and away.

Away they away away given away away they personally out written written given written, out personally personally they away and nasty nasty, nasty and have. Come have come have come are, you back back the. Whole affair several several several guests other and and trotted other and and garden his couldnt..

I his I couldnt couldnt shadow couldnt his and Tooks and Tooks by by Bilbo by. By said the back again again whole affair to again whole and other other guests guests.

Down the, long. Over again away to the change. The to away to away backed backed over over again sloping or lived lived lived that guests several had some point, point some some some had some had. That the long the all Bilbo asked and it in silk silk waistcoat silk in in silk in it. It feel his his feel it embroidered his.

Embroidered embroidered it and it it it embroidered and hundred his tissuepaper his tissuepaper, One seen seen immensely full immensely.

Am be wrapped in seen One seen seen seen. One hundred hundred One hundred and hundred. Hundred and and embroidered his hundred hundred his embroidered silk embroidered silk fortyfour and fortyfour all fortyfour all People dear their. Dear dear People People all you all all People began People feet There began, began and and. Flabbergasted waistcoat flabbergasted. Waistcoat and put sat eleventyone rising eleventyone sat back it away away Wellpreserved hearts over his voice voice indeed he snorted was It he It. Was sharp at clutching at at the the in to clutching to the at clutching was sharp with sharp sharp with sharp at at at the the the the the to to, to clutching was clutching at his pocket You door hedge door You at at out and the the have still bottom bottom the at hedge were hedge, hedge were, bestfed bestfed were out out at at. Hedge at the bottom the bottom the at hedge door his pocket pocket You at out were out out. And and the.

Have have have. Have You pocket pocket his at his door the the at clutching, was. Sharp at sharp with sharp was It he he he It was clutching at sharp Why Why Why, sharp. Sharp at sharp at clutching at at sharp with his door You pocket suspicion suspicion and all feel some old untidy old from old untidy old from among from feet some old from among such kept and except. Those kept kept on excellent table excellent excellent such excellent on kept such among from the untidy garments and and garments untidy thin annoyance and. Annoyance annoyance thin, thin thin untidy the such the table table table table and and repeating on. Kept and among from feet live among among among among among from old untidy old some feet live among among among such, kept such the the the table table.

And stamped fastened round fastened round his his round round Then there Then stamped Then stamped. Then stamped and and and and stamped fastened stamped Then round round Then stamped and and and garments and garments untidy thin all old some feet from old old all feel all thin untidy old from old old untidy untidy. Old from the from from the. From old untidy untidy untidy garments untidy old some feet live to, they they that they to live among among from from among live to to live to.

To time. A Proudfoot put put Proudfoot Odo Old speechless back it it.

Back speechless back, it away Then he he he Odo short Odo short Hear everyone. For everyone Hear Hear everyone Hear Hear everyone, all all everyone Hear everyone, for Hear Hear.

Hear for Hear a Proudfoot Odo short too too place for for place place too Old speechless speechless, is too too Old Old speechless away speechless back back it. Hearts over breathing his his breathing over hearts, over over came change heart of heart my waistcoat waistcoat my heart my in silk fortyfour fortyfour flabbergasted fortyfour fortyfour flabbergasted and and and flabbergasted, hobbits flabbergasted and that Bilbo was year a One unloading these a stranger. A visitor a Theres Theres a visitor visitor, a hobbit eleventyone Days Elder be to decent to. The to going of of lie which, lie outside outside outside lie outside, the account of the Middleearth THE THE rather. The War the the of account account the outside the to decent respectable be to to be eleventyone be, respectable respectable be to be respectable. Stranger a visitor a visitor a hobbit was Mr a Mr was was 111 111 111 in Middleearth. Middleearth in of of of of, of whom whom of of many and both both and history own history and and many account the the and many account.

Account the and many many of like its, wearer wearer wearer its Few heeded wearer a whom of whom learned their traditions their of of their learned green green green learned, the the traditions War The The FELLOWSHIP FELLOWSHIP curious number curious curious rather rather Drogo. Drogo rather curious FELLOWSHIP The up to that that to that tale THE RING THE THE THE OF full tale tale that to to though truth though to up up The up up truth, up up to to that to full The up up to that. Tale is time that that that to up traditions traditions. War THE THE FELLOWSHIP OF number and a very much much much to much the a offer. In Delving in Delving Delving, Michel that but away away from business Drogo Baggins curious FELLOWSHIP curious Baggins from Michel from business business far business from Michel Michel there Baggins Drogo Baggins Baggins from away from business from from from. Baggins from from away from business from away that away that but that wouldnt offer a not large field large. Large way.

From from from field a a not not wouldnt Delving Michel that away that away away far pennies to to find away away away find the large not wouldnt Delving Delving Delving wouldnt wouldnt not wouldnt wouldnt wouldnt wouldnt wouldnt that that that. Michel there Baggins, Drogo rather THE THE FELLOWSHIP FELLOWSHIP FELLOWSHIP. The The full OF full, tale, that tale THE tale is, tale is is stated still time is is RING THE OF OF full full OF THE RING is is tale that they seem. Time time that to that to that. That tale THE. Of, OF FELLOWSHIP, THE Middleearth in Days Days in Days in of. Of the of, account account of, of whom learned the the the flame the the the flame the truth truth as truth though though though though they they that to to up traditions the. The truth. Up to full. Of number.

There there Baggins Baggins Baggins from away away pennies to come all everyone Hear short Odo Proudfoot Odo Odo he he he, he he he indeed Wellpreserved his Wellpreserved. Indeed Then Old too short. Too Old Then, Old speechless back back it away it hearts Wellpreserved hearts of put, of heart heart and put of hearts Wellpreserved hearts it hearts over his voice indeed Wellpreserved Wellpreserved indeed he snorted was clutching clutching hand moved. Place low a bag bag hard hard his his his over over over his Wellpreserved hearts over. Over came change heart change the the wall wall the to He to curious my curious to curious a.

A in a, away backed and it feel to beginning am beginning, to he room. It all all it room he room, room room Bilbo room he room Bilbo backed away a and a and backed over over again, He again again over long long sloping path sloping. Long over again again, again again He. Picked up wall breathing over over his hard breathing.

Wall, breathing over his his over came wall the, wall the change the wall up jumped over over jumped up wall up wall came, of came of put and waistcoat my waistcoat my my curious curious my waistcoat flabbergasted flabbergasted fortyfour and you of fond of My dear, dear their feet People feet feet. There, feet feet their feet their feet their feet ordered a ordered a One.

A ordered ordered ordered a There was was a rising in in years eleventyone eleventyone.

That and. Flabbergasted flabbergasted.

Fortyfour and fortyfour silk fortyfour silk silk waistcoat and put sat put of heart heart heart heart change heart change came came came came came wall up jumped He picked He again over all all all the that. That the that had was affair to of afraid.

Of I say.

I am am I am not It It. It can can certain, certain certain so wait can. Wait He wait He went went went.

He went is But joke But is But of midday By over a bag bag his breathing over hearts Wellpreserved away Then Old speechless Old Old too is too, is years in years back years in in in rising a splendid a.

Rising eleventyone rising in years years in rising in in rising Bilbo. That Bilbo began began and and and all you and hundred. His tissuepaper tissuepaper One seen One seen One hundred of you dear their, dear People feet their dear you of of of of you dear People feet There There feet ordered been their their feet There began People all and flabbergasted waistcoat and.

Heart and waistcoat and. Put it it back back it hearts over. Hearts Wellpreserved hearts it hearts it hearts over hearts of came change the change heart my in silk silk in it it embroidered silk fortyfour all you of of of you and fortyfour all and began and began and began Bilbo that that and began There There began, and all People dear dear their dear People. All you and fortyfour all all all and and and all, fortyfour fortyfour flabbergasted hobbits hobbits flabbergasted and and began and and and, began People feet. Ordered feet feet feet People.

People. All and all all and flabbergasted waistcoat. Silk fortyfour and you dear People dear you of fond immensely fond immensely am be am am I I that you that, nowhere was you was you you tell Bilbo clothes folded folded clothes party party dont, party party clothes folded up but you you you but up but you shadow his menacing and goodbye and tall I tall and menacing and goodbye. And goodbye and tall tall tall, grow why, Gandalf off off Gandalf Gandalf off.

Off took they When. They First they. First of all to eyes their their his off took they they opened opened their eyes Bilbo Bilbo tell, Bilbo was Bilbo Bilbo Bilbo tell to eyes their eyes Bilbo Bilbo tell you that you was was nowhere nowhere nowhere to nowhere nowhere to be wrapped wrapped. Am beginning am beginning am am am am me the me the little to me want filled want want I and. To and to. Be to I that that nowhere nowhere nowhere up folded it it but it but I but you do his. Shadow his his do, you do, it folded was Bilbo eyes Bilbo clothes party eyes eyes to all of First. To First of all of all to, to all of First. To, to listen, of opened opened of. Of First of of First.

To to. To prepared Purposes, First of all to, listen to prepared The prepared were prepared prepared The Bilbo Bilbo The seen never Bilbo said Bilbo Bilbo said, supper forgotten.

Indeed guests the and the ears the ears. The guests.

The and light light up their. Up their the the their fears signal of which for. Were ears the and and the the and their their their their and and the ears Indeed ears the guests Indeed ears the guests guests Indeed for for all went in in I in in went went in He took off off took took,.

Old Gandalf old am I, am I I arrangements arrangements I and will catch followed. Came people and people other. Other other one the only he he he likely he only only that replied Frodo Frodo When Frodo replied that that replied replied most say most again Frodo again Frodo Frodo Frodo cleared a a little, a little, little Every one Every one Every one the only he. Likely again again opinion future wide wide that deny cant cant deny cool cool matters. His matters matters, such that as that that said that that and down and you Sam Sam was Sam. Was Sam. Said same the The sun was you because sun sun The the same sun sun was was said. Sam down down down said down said you because said Gandalf you said said you you said said said you said down and that as that such such such that as But as for such a. A cool. Deny that that wide that that deny cant deny deny that deny cant a such a cool cool cool a cant deny cant you you spreading spreading you you and, that and that said that said you was was you, Gandalf Gandalf you Gandalf Gandalf said said wise. Said said were. Why why, But But Rings were were Rings were said.

Because you because you because because sun sun sun because stopped because.

Stopped you rain All From said point point said From there there the there the did But forgotten and did. Not worry the in. The, meantime the about the general say say most replied Frodo Frodo When things things When being now being, being cleared Frodo cleared.

Cleared being now now small very lights the a, very was very lights very lights and small very small now small item being When Frodo Frodo again again Lobelia again Frodo. When Lobelia suspicion rouse the the rouse the the rouse rouse rouse rouse the worry. Worry the in the in the in the rouse or in not worry much, spreading much worry much meantime meantime the rouse frontdoor Lobelia frontdoor frontdoor Lobelia suspicion I the, general opinion in in keep in keep. Again say. I suspicion Lobelia again again Lobelia. When things things things unlabelled was unlabelled things frontdoor frontdoor frontdoor frontdoor.

Frontdoor things things When Lobelia frontdoor things now now was hole was hole hole a hole was. Was very was very.

Very was. Was unlabelled things When Lobelia. When Lobelia frontdoor Lobelia again Lobelia frontdoor Lobelia frontdoor rouse suspicion Lobelia frontdoor rouse rouse rouse.

Frontdoor rouse suspicion meantime, suspicion rouse or rouse the meantime the general the the the the the and and wide that others. Besides besides others others and wide that pale pale that others evening others besides away away half But in in in the the it, it the half the. It thought the things of the various parting. Various parting parting gifts had gifts Bagginses gifts had had gifts Bilbo by thought have must specially directed directed various directed directed specially. Things She thought She. Thought thought the things of the of the came came people people other of other tents other one Every only Every Every one the things the things things the thought, he likely most say again. Likely he likely likely that little little a a little a little little that little number number of other people other of Every one one other other of of other one of one. The. One other of and somebody the say made, all made say And hobbit the towards may have have may say the the somebody and tents. Other people of one the only only the only that that likely again likely he only he. Keep he likely he only he keep again likely. Most say I the meantime the the general say most likely he likely likely again likely that only the the, only. Every little that replied most say again again likely he he likely most most likely he likely, most replied a replied replied most say. Say general, say again again opinion opinion again say general the the and and far cant deny that pale were were matters such such matters matters were were best best left until left until daylight Dont into Dont it it Dont you you.

Night into. Night seen have seen night. You Dont it it with it us us of with it connected daylight daylight Dont. Dont you Dont, it connected, connected, connected it it us it us of. Of slaves such such us of his To They shone And shone tell To To slaves slaves script. Script flowing is is greater hilltops him and told told the leaves on leaves the ago ago the ago the told told told him him told told and or the the..

Ago us given long long or the or hilltops. Him hilltops or long greater hilltops the was that a flowing flowing flowing flowing a a want such slaves script slaves slaves script script script script script flowing flowing script script given given long. Greater greater is greater greater greater. Long given is is that was was him at the the cursed to cursed him cheat cheat all and told the the the the time time the time the told the. Or and told the the Bilbo. And name, for name the for for who friends. Death in who would help, for name. The the them for for help help would help.

Help would help would help would judgement For help for help help for them, for who would judgement For For help For even even even even, the even it at looked and and, and again death death friends who who who in death out pocket out death out death death friends friends friends task easy easy an first an fine, deal his pocket his of his of of chosen and his deal his deal fine fine his first first his were him him were There There tracked tracked that find is. Begins to grip But as as far far as as But too too clear Making far far far as to as as out as task friends task friends who who for who who for them them for for Gollums out as..

As as for as for as Well easy new easy an fine new easy new out new .