GRID REMIX: LORD OF THE RINGS
An algorithmic novel by Jeff Thompson, created for National Novel Generation Month 2013

Word count = 50000, allow word repetition = true, chance of a new chapter = 2.0%, chance of new paragraph = 1.0%, chance of a comma = 3.0%, chance of a period = 10.0%, chance of question mark = 0.1%


CHAPTER 1 (22, 259)

Had, had. Dark of the the the the your the your the your came your, the of the party plan party dark. Smoke smoke anxiety through through through in came in, days he him' said is he. Is and is said is is and from bywater is said calling calling far elements volume volume first the first else one, of of rules rules of else in in else now in now it game but game it now of, rules of they went towards. Went went towards towards those who wilderland who were were sr were. Were and, wilderland. But but is shire is but all and, were who who in that in. Who who those shire in. In that it, is 1462 wrote so wrote wrote constantly wrote so agree so. So agree agree. Curious curious a is is. A all but wilderland wilderland wilderland towards towards game game the went.

Went towards towards went went the now now in now it now in the shire knew. Knew knew a knew shire the for the the place had 'master. Him trouble had place the the shire knew a a curious fact fact curious fact, its the descendants descendants descendants the at and come of of of of of of of of of of of knew a knew a is. But, game towards went. They lettered lettered to added westmarch the westmarch hobbits mountains misty mountains as they as as mountains as mountains mountains mountains strict rules of rules rules rules one the one else else in now it the for in elements elements elements in in elements in elements old so so him calling calling far.

Trouble had 'master hamfast' not had not, hamfast' hamfast' hamfast' and come come names. of the of at at. Great. Great smials, the baggins the the of smials of the the the the of descendants of or existence or or existence that fact. That existence or, of of or or or this that existence its its. Existence that existence its existence existence that after after, that after accepting accepting it bilbo that accepting. It and was friends. This friends their their their at at at that or beard a son of son son son. Son of son of the though mountains mountains mountains mountains though. The of son, of son of of of son of son of trace that. Trace of a beard or the the brandybucks. The he he he he this at, that that or smials. Or smials or that. Or that possible shire possible, quite possible possible smials possible possible smials. Great, smials a of son son that trace of of, trace any. Had any trace that son son son son of son son. Of of son of a king nonetheless ease ease ease and folk the folk and peace there peace and and gone this size was size had had had size size had already this gone was.

Was. Was ease and peace had left marish and of people people this thousand this this left marish many many in in plant any of selection a and a for for to story only believed he children the children of children he believed the trying to to trying the believed of believed he children. Books were books was the growing the to listen upon constantly him consulting and at the at and at.

Great as him. As as and at at the its. Its the descendants.

Of descendants the the descendants of of descendants great great as and come and come at, the at and as mr. Smials of the of smials great smials mr constantly.

Mr baggins mr baggins. Mr. As great. Descendants of the children he he so is it accepting accepting. It is it bilbo that bilbo? Their bilbo that bilbo bilbo it bilbo it and was was. Friends friends and time time had time learned, brandybucks brandybucks learned learned of had hardly. Hardly hardly. Any. Plant this. Of of of had hardly any any 'government' 'government'. 'Government'. 'Government' any 'government' their their of of their 'government'. Any plant hall. Hall many marish many generations. Many hall many generations of of of people years in somewhat somewhat indeed somewhat. Three plain plain favourite. Beside beside. Beside beside cornmill, their cornmill cornmill time cornmill cornmill. Time cornmill, cornmill time a a really really third, and rulers age rulers 'i 'i 'i should. Should should on it on on on it. Make the, the the the, the hall. The a by of by followed off, followed off down off off followed in down in there eat eat shire me shire or there there was was was beer waggon a chorus chorus of thanks up cover plenty plenty. In and waggon beer waggon the in followed by followed followed off followed off off followed.

In the the waggon a chorus chorus a the a a a waggon and cover plenty and and plenty cover plenty plenty plenty cover cover and chorus a waggon waggon. The was there there was beer. Beer you you not not ago not could could not you like you. Like, see see like see not you not you anything could, anything was the waggon waggon beer you not you anything you anything anything. Anything anything was the by by the by the waggon the by a chorus and and in plenty and like like you anything was beer beer you. You beer was the was beer. Beer was anything anything anything. Was the was. Was was, the by a chorus of, of, as said westbank' westbank' it it look look it it it. Westbank' said as said said. Westbank' the the westbank' hall chorus and in beer. In and chorus of chorus and in like like and plenty in like in. Plenty and that and that might for few for for his his be true enough enough of we'll and we'll send mushrooms for enough true true enough. Enough for as as like like as and mushrooms for. As as and and and and this. The the this and as as as like bacon bacon. Like bacon like. As as not I felt I. Felt I I prospects pippin master isn't master agricultural the agricultural. And as and I prospects prospects which felt which. mr were.

A were a is it it other much the to the rightabouts' the, of of rings of of, still go still go can got can 'they.

Called pale, the pale rings. To. Besides to to rings of still. Go, go twenty with never did, not did the miles twenty twenty with with. The with here but. but never had had never but never never but. But but never. But never. Had had I I but but I had I but never had had had not did never with never. Had of realms. The had asked realms of the of not. Seen. That seen the finding finding the in the finding the of the the of of had I I 4 I. Had not of realms the realms in. Realms the realms in in in the the finding finding the finding the seen fountain fountain fountain seen fountain sound. So sound cartload sound cartload sound fountain did never with never never. Never but I but got got only only. 'They can was rings of light light rightabouts' rightabouts'. He climbed out climbed his his lanterns out fare the fare. The bilbo bilbo they. Down down down shiver shiver down they want lay dogs dogs they, want, want they want my my farmer my, down shiver down they dogs lay to, lay by news back.

My farmer usual than shiver. Bilbo the the bilbo the bilbo. Mr fare the bilbo, the dogs the and out, lanterns lanterns his lanterns lanterns. His lanterns as and out fare fare the bilbo they. Dogs the fare mr. Fare fare the the and the dogs they they down, shiver bilbo the dogs went. Dogs went to to went. They. Went. Went and and went and out climbed his lanterns lanterns as lanterns lanterns. Farmers. Farmers between stock stock stock. Stock and.

Or looked or they. But they or they round it might might swim' of most of of the folk folk frodo. Laughed from from the ride over the. The come riding come all come all in. Riding in turn turn long a and border border there were words have words were said pippin. Sam and sam gamgee all kinds of some some outward outward outward sign of of in in the in opening not opening opening opening an have not opening. In the in opening an an an through an down difficulties outward sign outward some see to see. Sharply frodo frodo will, pursuers pursuers asked courage' your know already I I what I what by what I find courage' asked pursuers pursuers a guests at at home from the we will we the path a green of our, kinsfolk our. Of some some. Of snowwhite of line breath line a a thy bright bright great bright great, sea great sea thy. Breath breath. snowwhite of snowwhite snowwhite. Snowwhite fading of line of of. Snowwhite of line breath line of of without like without without any without like like a bite and know I bite, and bite a and and one than. Should course without without without course. Should like like should should. Than than than one like like one like. Like should than one like without any a and fullsized you where knowing and knowing but than but than one a, fullsized a fullsized horse I know and, know where where a and and and of supper supper a a supper and and and bed bed but. But somehow bilbo bilbo bed and supper of supper of and bite bite I and I know and on it he's going sat it. Sat a large you and you large man man. Large large a large you do you you do a do to off swept swept off of shoulder swept shoulder another down down another down down and and and looked down down into that into down look down look and looked another down and you. Might. Down and looked looked and look, down down looked another shoulder of them at. Shoulder swept. Swept off it he's where a where he's. Sup and supper supper of and of supper supper the through the through the sing, sing dwell kinsfolk dwell kinsfolk we snowwhite snowwhite our snowwhite our snowwhite snowwhite breath but. Breath thy breath line line of of line line line. Course course line a line of fading any any mention light through of and and and and know know and of supper. The the sing dwell almost unseen still dwell. Kinsfolk, our ride lay your in more gandalf chiefly me of in of me leave me of the the odd. Odd. The in the of the the odd change change that a that change change change I I marish odd peace 'courage, I face your face, 'it seems unseen seems seems unseen through unseen. Seems unseen still to, still still in. Thee in peace peace the peace in through. The thickets, on rivendell. Come the the on the for a a a birthdayparty' birthdayparty' you you 'be. A a string a it, him over to. Said places' said to said him him your. Him. Before you leave leave you. Leave of leave you you birthdayparty' and and right a for a for enough good enough for enough behind. See will thought will will will will, you you the the me to me me, the you the thought the you that suppose is 'courage 'courage for a bit a a is suppose. I 'courage. I know. Know know 'courage 'courage I face face and in and face 'it almost dwell still. In peace in.

In in rivendell in in a a stars were. Made had baggins had had stars were were made we had better had. Had better move. Move to a dim the in the to the in the to words in thick thick. Thick in in the the the the beyond frodo tell this tell us sea the tell this said this this this said are. Said, said birthdayparty' and, this they. Us. Sea us what what what us tell the sea the the beyond frodo beyond beyond the beyond the the the to move to words words better better had had the thick thick thick. The the words better words to move move better mean' mean' better mean' mean' mean' you you seemed this seemed this seemed seemed you seemed seemed who seemed to mean' to mean'. To. Seemed who seemed, who. That realize, realize you realize you large you, you do do to sat a do a a a large you and and you and you you do do do hills, hills do do to do do. You.

"Realize realize man realize you and and and and by and fire he he fire," he said.

 Packs presently. Presently sam sam sam sam, quietly quietly quietly. When a away time time that. That that realize you and you realize you realize you and by by had said had died died, that by had by that? Time that died died died quietly presently quietly died quietly presently sam. Sam sam presently sam, when. Appeared make, make sackvillebagginses the not could.

Presently sam. Presently sam not not not sam when. When appeared when when they.

Fox a away away away a away away away a their their their cloaks the the is is their is their time away a when a when when.

Quietly quietly sam not sam appeared sam. Appeared sam when away died that time their is is their their a when when a their their time their their. Cloaks the is is the crouch. To is to is is their is is the crouch crouch the very in the sharply looking here from on on on. From tune tune sky. sky dim a on, from sharply frodo on frodo frodo frodo sharply sharply the the path path water water food the the, the food. Water water through. Water path, water blankets very in in in frodo frodo said said move on on from from tune a on move. On, a dim sky, sea dim sea sea the the the, sea dim sky but that but you you as as pippin pippin, the shire. Shire' shire' the leaving are leave you 'be you leave leave are you. Questions questions you birthdayparty' birthdayparty' you birthdayparty' you questions. Before questions before gildor.

Said him him your for enough for your for a for your your him before him before before. Before gildor answer gildor gildor answer him over come want want to to over to to want don't I, to seemed seemed bit bit I in unlikely will see will you in you in unlikely in found that. You that that you.

You in you the the me. The you in unlikely will. See see behind behind, enough behind. Thought. Thought will thought good me me the peace it the the baggins bilbo it it it, peace peace in through in through the the through to to through the peace the thickets good good.

Thickets thickets the peace it. It it above above above wood above thee above thee. To thee in still unseen unseen still in thee thee to wood the wood above it bilbo bed but going but. Bed bed bilbo bed and supper the wood. And and supper a sup a supper supper of supper and bed above above it it the stars a far, land beyond beyond land now. Right and frodo beyond frodo tell this this and frodo. Frodo tell us what what sea us sea the tell the the in in beyond. Beyond land far far far far far a a far were far. Come far land far come now. Come rivendell rivendell. Rivendell, rivendell rivendell in in thickets. Good thickets the through to me good me me me the the through through the through in through to. To seems seems and seems and face I. I I face face your your in more gandalf. More gandalf gandalf, chiefly gandalf things gandalf chiefly need'. Must gandalf more you, more read more in more read things read things read more read things things things these these can will path but but but path will will. Path. A green of some but some breath breath breath. Some some but sea.

Sea. Great sea but sea thy breath breath thy breath some, of of our of snowwhite of some but path but breath snowwhite snowwhite we through of through the the through light fading of without any mention, mention any any fading fading any. A bite I I know and know and bite mention light snowwhite. Light through. Of and know. Know where he's going sat a large a a do you realize realize you realize you and by and hills hills hills the hills the the fire fire he said quietly died died away time that died that that that died had said packs said had fire. Fire he again' the again' of again' he their unpleasant after frodo beyond country the the the in the the the the the in the 'no the next the the country country. Indeed' said indeed' 'no 'no indeed' country. The 'no in the in. I could know what know you. Know. You able to able.

Be able you able be be the sunlit able you if you you I, could could 'no, in think if if you know to garden to to able you I think 'i 'i 'i myself if think crickhollow crickhollow bridge the next the next thought, day country beyond. Country country day after he packs presently could could lunch could presently sam. Appeared. Make appeared when appeared, trotting appeared trotting quickly what quickly quickly. Trotting out trotting quickly and and breathing for, breathing. Hard breathing breathing said but but he he but. But he heard heavy heavy hours three on three hours they of business business hours heavy hours three his heavy. Heard heavy pack they they pack pack they rested the the own. Own the own a seemed seemed his.

Seemed.

That and and and already. Of of business on three on wood wood, the the wood on business hours business gear business gear other through in through goes. Through through goes that saddle. The path very the crouch to crouch in frodo frodo. Said frodo said said frodo said said crouch crouch crouch said frodo.

On a tune a dim the in words to a to words words, the had we made we do who man large man realize you realize by by that that. That that. That that who man. 'What. To' somehow I baggins baggins baggins baggins bilbo baggins I. Somehow I I think we we. Think had baggins the stars stars had stars, stars had stars. A a stars were far far come far, far come far were stars stars were stars.

Had stars were made the the words to move said move said frodo, frodo sharply looking saddle that that food water food and, other and food water through passing had. Passing through, through water water water path that path. That food the food the wood the for walked. Had they they trotting appeared sam. quietly. when appeared when they they fox fox a fox cloaks their time this time their cloaks the, crouch said. Move better had. The had. You. Do. You had we do do do. We think had think 'what. 'what think had.

Think we do we made were were. Were far. Land now land beyond frodo. Frodo beyond land now. Come come come. Now. Land. Thick land land land far far land thick in words to words in beyond land thick the thick land beyond the the the dim sea. Sea sea.

O there o o are are doing wound wound away wound it it. Wound it wound. Doing doing for, for away little little little little little you so the in am voice of of of I can't see can't I can't, can't climbed very climbed very a not a about a not said not they not. A had I riders riders voice voice of I of I can't see old see old want we want old. See see old the old sam to shall have, another thing thing.

That. But we makes makes makes that thing another will. Find find will will find what you makes you what you, seek or seek mind seek seek me anxious send send pippin send send anxious or seek or or or accomplish what what what have I our 'at breakfast' it but 'at 'at our send will we will. Me will we we we makes we we, makes me anxious send anxious or accomplish what have what what with. Filled filled accomplish I.

Accomplish.

Filled was was or anxious send will we but that that that makes we but that thing find will or or or or wooded. There wooded there. That see the the see the in moon no old as sniffing sniffing riders with didn't 'why, didn't didn't didn't with, with invisible invisible noses noses taught noses noses noses taught of of hoofs stopped stopped hoofs with year sound sound year with with some with with shining shining with. Some some is some is slopes wooded or wooded slopes, on slopes. On some is some. Is there is. Is slopes drink drink drink find thing thing thing that that but but gone but gone but. That thing find drink drink find find, thing gone have gone have have think' gamgee think' to sam that belt belt I. Should thinking all him of of on me visit' shire is as as the when the the when when yard. When is 'it is when is is when when yard advancing yard yard when the the as you as is. As you shire visit' to visit' shire. Shire, the of of said he own' own' your the wrong the to the to the your was dark was. It of in you're be going. Just with no no no. More more no wood this no wood it more more no no? With a going just was added he I you here bagginses no see. No no bagginses bagginses might where. Where where and and from. And and are there there from and where no. See no are I 'well lantern and lantern 'well there. 'Well I I see you see. You have you the waggon ready. Waggon the you see. No where where, no are there are there said thoughtfully a lantern a with a rider the the the the though. To sharply from from whoa whoa whoa. Whoa.

Whoa reminded they they what as what. But brandywine half peculiar peculiar the swimming the brandywine the the peculiar, half brandywine bilbo's. Bilbo'S shout shout shout bilbo's. Shout bilbo's brandywine half of of scent peculiar. Peculiar. Scent the scent peculiar half foreigners as foreigners. Mushrooms and farmer. Waggon. Farmer waggon of mushrooms and, and his. his his. he said he said said round round, round you round guard' could, too turned in the marish I change that that know the land the caught the towards much towards towards. Much. Much much trees the marish the in.

The marish, the the in of sign down difficulties through difficulties difficulties outward some outward now now now 'and. Is what is is is is 'that sharply see see. Some 'and some see. Some see some some 'and is what these these things these things read can I and assail assail assail assail 'that 'that. Assail you I and and assail assail 'that sharply see see sharply sharply 'that sharply see to frodo said it' courage' your know a little a a guests at aside. Aside aside aside turned. Elves our guests at guests our. Our guests guests at at aside the over return. Return return. Over the over over turned over turned guests at little at. Aside aside aside from home from. Home, at. Little will frodo frodo will little little a a pursuers your your, your know a little and, I and and assail assail 'that. Frodo, asked pursuers asked courage' find means your your means means means your, your courage' courage' asked pursuers pursuers pursuers will pursuers pursuers a a, guests a guests guests. Our know know already are you I I 'but gildor if gildor 'but I you ever. If hand a while. Clear clear lane.

The towards yards towards. Elbereth a here o o elbereth o gilthoniel o yards. Few a or a a only. Slopes slopes only. now only tarrying only slopes only now now are trees woven. Frodo woven too on the greenwood far concerns therefore protect elbereth elbereth and that concerns yourself frodo' our. Our at tarrying only tarrying here o yards yards o here a while.

While while at ever at ever 'but ever ever at hand at while at last ere ere ere clear clear lane lane lane the the these the towards. But. Bedsong but bedsong. A a be to be from hobbiton hobbiton hobbiton mysterious bedsong mysterious. Bedsong a or suppersong. A crept trees woven. Trees are. Now are trees. Back suppersong or to or suppersong suppersong or to want to it's it's from. Want from from the from comes he he where where know 'i for 'i. 'I peered cautiously peered cautiously cautiously know the the present. It while it hobbits hobbits. Most large treebole hobbits treebole treebole. Hobbits. Treebole large the large large treebole. While while. Frodo while frodo frodo, woven too too are. Too on hazel hazel on on. The on the the much me your for your flight and therefore. Protect protect, you'. Sure am sure gildor 'but, 'but. Not 'but 'but where 'but not said not 'but. 'But would 'but 'but 'but not said said frodo' do. gildor frodo frodo looked at have at have where know gildor gildor 'but 'but ever you you are you last the are already know our our are already are you ever if halls if gildor know where. Where have have refused, to explain it'. Half expecting half half it' half startled.

Startled half it' half bogs and and expecting expecting to. Frodo to frodo frodo frodo frodo frodo. Frodo frodo 'that assail assail will assail assail you you I we we will will we the from from from aside aside.

From great great sea the from the the, from from the we we we the the path the the we the we we. Home we will we I can I. You these can these can will we I can I. And and assail. And assail assail 'that 'that frodo will pursuers a a little. A know a a know our elves return thy return we are are. Clear elbereth o elbereth towards towards elbereth towards the elbereth while the lane it showed it hummed. It lane lane the these the these but towards but in. But bedsong yards bedsong yards towards towards but. But in but these, the the the this this the round the this that that round hobbiton. Hobbiton hobbiton round if dived it. And and it they and and they were dived dived dived. Were waved and turned and waved and and they and they. By corner side western frodo. Yet frodo frodo. Trees trees the trees danger trees its trees trees frodo frodo western, western side side western western its trees frodo turned for turned frodo trees, frodo trees its on on on the the among among hill. The hill hill hill voices voices hill on its on just in. Mirror. Voices hill. On. On the among the trees trees the no the the among peeping behind of bottom for bottom. Bottom. Far was far behind even, frodo, peeping frodo feared among peeping among among among feared and feared frodo peeping among the on hill hill among peeping frodo peeping behind peeping the the of he for bottom far bottom the was no was farm set they they. Asleep the grasses grasses back grasses last last last they set they. Set. They set farm was was far. Behind of he a a dusty a dusty laden off. Went in in went or or went in for in in went went in in for in a a a off a off went carts himself. Slopped then at, himself at then at farm farm at then at at at at then at then and and looking two looking looking and back grasses back go the the of, fast fast asleep.

And fine fine out going then he then road road 'begging your your. 'Begging your.

Begging road the road 'begging 'begging your your frodo near drawing are are are are they are right 'all right, the from' 'begging cousin. Cousin, drawing cousin right from' overshadowed overshadowed that. A it's tributary it's a, that a a day. A it's the day day day and cloaks and day. A day the day day and cloaks their. Their their and o'clock and o'clock and and and o'clock ten o'clock its. Its. Tributary a tributary it's tributary a tree. A a where wonder not not not. Guess' not rather rather would rather. Not walk they better, beyond house went went went house beyond better than the beyond queen beyond house the the lane, lane.

The of of the lane the lane plates. Heaped on food food on food food brought others far too too far too far again far again drink others others. Brought food food here' food here' here'. From brought food and as the as on heaped heaped the the the heaped the of o queen hidingplace hidingplace hidingplace any find inglorion as the of the house went house the queen the queen o. Of the of the of inglorion inglorion as as, and as on heaped on on.

As on food on he your, that that that your your your that, your for for, here' food on heaped plates say, say would. He he your for here' he your he he here' he here' food on, as the heaped.

The the heaped on as as and as the lane lane went and no say plates and and went lane lane the house went went lower lower running lower, lower. Running running running lower lower dishes dishes and no and dishes 'this bilbo clearer clearer desire you you frodo you, desire you you, you ended full full.

Full. Full full you frodo you frodo clearer clearer clearer. Desire desire desire. Clearer desire clearer bilbo 'this dishes? More about. Desire you more you ended ended full mouth full quite are line line line over, it over leaves over jump a they. They they are they are are. Mouth his with his with them them them. Them. About them with with. His, all but if but courage but all all but, courage your for hard for. Your he your he your your your that your he your that forbodes heart my heart. My discuss didn't. Discuss what the the had and through thick drifts thick it 'if maggot' maggot' mr mr afternoon mr mr afternoon 'good with with 'good. Afternoon mr afternoon. Mr, afternoon mr afternoon mr maggot' asked asked pippin pippin 'he's a bird.

Bird bird a pippin long ago long. Ago ago ago ago not not not, could I however said. Pippin pippin, said pippin. Said pippin pippin, said said however long pippin said however master master, his mr maggot' mr. Afternoon afternoon old with. Old little and little and grass a grass grass. And had had the what I I it' said. Think. I, I I distance if if if they thick through 'if through chosen they if, if they, chosen had and through 'if maggot' old maggot' asked asked pippin asked pippin pippin said however master me me.

Towards his mr mr his towards down bent had. Had 'good afternoon mr.

Maggot' master however I or anything anything was was the the in down down down get 'you get. Get to to get get moved and and and authority and authority and 'you and authority the, the and bucklanders and bucklanders handed it sam said handed he the bucklanders, handed said while short. Short frodo' short you're queer you're queer a a queer voice voice queer queer queer voice. And voice dead. Or have left have have bent bent. Down left have left the the towards me me master. However I.

I however master master maggot' maggot' asked it asked maggot' mr maggot'. Asked. Asked maggot' asked.

It asked, "Maggot' old with wrong, 'what's asked asked he he asked 'what's asked 'what's lightly?

Lightly over across the the across across the a quarter line quarter of matter what matter matter matter what what what the the had chosen they chosen chosen they they?"

 Thick. Drifts thick drifts was a a of drifts thick it. Was pippin asked asked it asked maggot' asked asked pippin asked maggot' master master maggot' maggot' master. However master master however I or there there or I or I. Me master, however I however, said maggot' master however I or shire eat shire shire shire me master maggot' master master me me master me shire shire or or I me I however master. Maggot' maggot' asked asked pippin asked pippin was drifts was a bird it bird a bird. Bird it leaves over leaves leaves and leaves, leaves leaves. It leaves leaves old. Jump a made a line a jump old leaves old of old. Bird it leaves. And and all one.

To all the him at at few a few few a looked looked a face face face, that. And any and any. After a looked. A face face for few. Few. Remarks few a few. Few few at at all to friend good the see ago the pippin pippin long could could anything could I however I could anything was anything could I me master maggot' mr afternoon afternoon beaten beaten down towards.

Me towards. Me towards towards down down towards me shire shire me shire eat eat shire or or shire or I could long ago not ago.

Ago, long however. I however however however long. Ago the the the the farmer friend farmer farmer looked a after. Any see any and plenty. In and chorus of as, of chorus chorus hall the the the westbank' said westbank' westbank' the make to on on the the hall the a waggon beer you not could could I or anything or shire shire. Me shire me master me I me I however however, master his towards the to. To down 'you get get to down 'you anxiously down and down it down the down it down the and bucklanders. 'Thank 'thank done have done done done done our best our best our done. 'Thank bucklanders the bucklanders. 'Thank, 'thank 'thank 'thank 'thank have down down poured hot water. Water hobbiton water. Hot sam hot, sam sam. Hot water hot hot poured hot passage be friendly be could nothing could be friendly friendly her compliments' with friendly with compliments'. He compliments'. Compliments' he the bucklanders handed handed handed handed he. Compliments' he the with, friendly be friendly her compliments' with, seen be be. Friendly be be passage 'we. Have down, various, supporting various supporting various supporting the done.

Our best our goodness goodness and goodness and it sam anxiously anxiously down and moved off moved and authority authority the and goodness you best in in a water is is remained is remained is short is. Short any keep any short a short any any short time fair. That leaps that to to make. Leaps on it westbank' westbank'. Westbank' hall hall. Westbank' the make leaps make. Make the the the hall as the frodo the as said look it on on should on on on it make leaps 'i 'i leaps on should on high think 3 should 3 nmenorean the I I should think.

Think. High high. High think you were of, were.

Were making it fountain it fountain fountain fountain. It fountain all cross horses horses after home after a making were in home after all fountain all after. A making the of the making it ordering it fountain white all of of ordering. Ordering of of of all it. Fountain it all. White white all it ordering I ordering of ordering I I of the ring the ring the the ring the of the of war the kings in hold. The the hold would the missing missing hold. Would hold hold the attention war. Attention of attention. The links in in in to seemed seemed links missing hold would hold would that story story and story that its its and age and age third really third the the a, a a a the the kings the revealed histories. Hand his his try. To. To to confusion decrepitude last. Last the of the earth, earth. Earth away mountains the, reduced though the beard beard a smials possible smials or the indeed. Indeed, nonetheless son that of were. Of the of of that authority of of son son the of the though the the the the though the of son son of trace of thus. Of trace any trace any of that. Authority. That. Trace any, tooks tooks the had fallohide hand fallohide fallohide. Of the had were were had had fallohide. Had had any.

Any had had fallohide. Or, or case the the the case than that it the it it it. Sr in who in that of of fallohide of fallohide hand were were had had any any any trace any of that trace. That. Son of of endured.


CHAPTER 2

Of son of son of of authority. Of the king reduced reduced.

Reduced king. That that in hobbits the mountains away earth the earth a, earth tilled of tilled tilled earth the the, m.

The confusion and, confusion, the taleteller relation appendices. Concerning, concerning concerning concerning concerning appendices appendices to to try try and, of the the of decrepitude decrepitude of decrepitude confusion and try the try to confusion and and confusion confusion the m m m the taleteller to to taleteller to. To. Try to to confusion decrepitude decrepitude decrepitude last the earth a wellordered wellordered a earth tilled tilled earth earth away freely and and freely the freely freely away gave gave they. Good and good. Good good they they they which they good good and and and quiet, and a picture picture picture ring desire the was. These glimpses the prologue prologue prologue.

Sam hobbiton prologue 1 havens. 1 1 1 havens 1 havens their of of of havens 1 concerning appendices concerning hobbits concerning various gave various gave poured gave 1 gave 1 havens havens of their 1 1 havens havens 1.

Havens 1 1 havens grey. The grey and desire desire and and desire ring. The of paper paper a and a a possession.

A, possession, of of the of paper of was these was was motive prime prime significance shire contents time. the the of scouring discovery scouring. Scouring the scouring the, scouring, of of scouring the scouring discovery scouring shadows from shadows from.

From from the lie lie the lie lie shadows. From the drink we time, time. We asked in people in the marish baggins marish the in the marish baggins better 'you'd mr, for for mr for up for. For in people in the in the marish nothing and coming. Up nothing and, nothing nothing. Nothing and coming coming they. they. lack they, when time time lie the drink if of think think you do do, you think of think you, do you do what 'well 'well full but. Better do what but what but what what. What what but full account but what do the back looked they looked back, what what what do what do better of their is, you think you do do you. Do the back slopes. Back what back looked 'well looked 'well what but better of their where the shadows lie the the. time contents. Time time, the from from if beer journey the, the the the scouring shadows. The shadows from. Journey beer beer, think think beer. Think you you far the behind slopes and slopes behind brandy brandy far you think of it' it' drink it' shrouded the, shrouded was put this this foggy. This the hall. put still foggy still still still hobbits after hobbits other come come come after you seen baggins i'll the i'll i'll baggins baggins. was he you you may also you. After you seen, baggins baggins. again to belonging to belonging belonging. Belonging you after, you have, you you you seen. He. Was baggins not. Baggins not not and be be and and what looked at at looked at as brambles as brambles with. With with overhung miles miles so miles overhung trudged trudged they they was' that that that down slippery sides is that and likes my likes but. Likes likes. My. Stock stock but stock stock above above above above my my above above. Above bridge bit a the bridge. Above above bridge bit above bit bridge the deeply a in died away and away away a in a deeply a away away. Died away died in a deeply the from seem from from seem 'they seem seem seem 'not enemy'. Answered answered gildor 'flee them should he. Should he sawn sawn sawn the, upon half. And half upon, or he 'i answered gildor bit above. My likes and likes and and likes but that slippery sides slippery sides slippery slippery slippery sides sides is sides is. That and that and likes and dislikes and dislikes so so to. Out miles.

Out of speak', answered sam sam answered you 'did speak' to so frodo said said frodo said words said riddles' riddles' and hints them 'flee you should he said rings said he, said he. Should you 'twice answered upon or and who into words is words words is words which they lord' they well' they well' no they and rider' them 'then them rider' rider' rider'. Into. Who and or and and and half is your your of of half.

Upon or or grass grass or upon or upon. Half. Is is your. Which, your is half half upon answered 'twice 'twice, the the 'twice you 'flee gildor 'flee them hints hints hints. Only above bit, a much much bit bridge bridge bit bit a seem 'they 'not enemy' enemy' answered 'i 'i 'i think answered 'twice you. Should he sawn astonished astonished lord' your. Is is your lord' your your lord' they well'. No or or no they know know you. And rider' them them and and and you 'then. left left left them left.


CHAPTER 3

Them 'then. Frodo struggling with 'down frodo said about' men some, some are or curiosity. Second years second curiosity or are have only brighter and to see if see to want. To to to. And brighter and would only would would would would it it would only only only. 'There. Only 'there 'there., would would only would. And would would only only would and brighter the the have only have only brighter only. 'There are are. Have only have. Are. 'There are some are. 'There are or some. Some or he or curiosity 'there curiosity curiosity before curiosity second second a for a a a last, a, second second years years was the looked back back. Foot back back back. Looked turned and following. Going for going to pleasure came came came friends came came with, in a. Time' find find time' 'of. Course 'of treasure with. The the with with came friends in a treasure there course knows 'he 'he 'he 'of. 'Of 'he 'of. 'Of a a treasure treasure. Treasure a in with. In with in fit find to might might to find to. Might. Might of of some his plan his his plan of some some some. Removal went to. Went removal a removal went, bilbo quest the quest quest bilbo bilbo bilbo, a however quest my. Quest however a busy foot foot. His some removal went went to. Might might might fit, might of of might fit in fit might fit might fit frodo's friends, in friends for for pleasure pleasure came to stay. Stay and stay to stay to came came to the there course course knows. That of, fire black fire fire black fire he is is is is well. Mustn'T mustn't well, as to to is well mustn't well well mustn't. You course course 'of course course. 'Of. 'He knows knows knows 'he puzzled puzzled time' rather can you you you down. Looking be.

Be be to to, seemed seemed seemed to to. To have I seemed. To to have I I seemed seemed was was when when I been well if he. Remembered great events went events went events. Great remembered great the he. Remembered he. The the the the of he his he he they loved the river river it it river river the loved was was 'it was.

He was very was very pleased true is rid get he his his and frodo frodo why. Frodo. He he he the, he the news of the, was misunderstood misunderstood, glinted rid. Get get he his. And thought. News thought he the well peering and snivelling gandalf looked. Looked hated 'what was wearing. An abominable an wearing wearing was. Wearing was he fathers the fathers that. Fathers that fathers he heat heat heat heat he heat heat some.

Heat 'what heat some heat he. He heat heat some if much with together.


CHAPTER 4

Dale, listening secretly listening listening. With much much secretly as secretly secretly and secretly.

As if they. They if they they peering. Well well snarling he the well pained he even he pained, pained pained they, if and peering well snarling and looked gandalf. Looked hated. It it why didn't and and didn't why frodo and thought and thought thought he he thought he of the the he the was misunderstood great events and misunderstood was was. Misunderstood misunderstood was eyes get eyes his and thought thought he of news as if of of if well if of of if well if he, the he remembered some be be some events events. Great events some. Be. Some be there away away there away. Frodo rewarded, he he remembered frodo frodo frodo. Rewarded, he. He rewarded rewarded frodo, frodo be sure be sure that torture that sure has sure that torture that sure sure, be sure, be. Frodo away, frodo remembered remembered frodo frodo, frodo be there away far far any looking before startled before startled and no and and you before you down you. Before startled. Startled startled before looking before startled before. Before you before looking before looking down dragon. Down looking looking looking looking looking before before said said have to to have, to be looking looking looking be said said have was.

Have I seemed seemed to there there ever ever. There I there I been well. Rewarded frodo away? Away frodo be some some events went. Old torture. Far but much much and much knew much or much, knew. I and misunderstood great great great remembered he. The was misunderstood great great the of if well was far. Any looking be said be looking. Be looking looking looking before startled himself himself startled in shire himself himself. Himself said. Be. Be ever was ever.

Any any looking down dragon any, dragon any ever any dragon, down into into not not there away dragon not into down down looking be said be to be, said said himself said be be looking any ever be. Ever. Any ever there to have. To to there was. Nor even nor, nor enough hot though need risk some take. Some some risk risk is fire some strike. Without as if if if they and need. hot hot enough nor was was there. Was there there to seemed, to there was seemed I he he he was have have have have was he although although all be all all over over all be be to? Be laughing be to be. Be to is the in in what steer. The the to, the steer steer steer what, is what tale keep. Are amazing are really to keep tale. What steer up in the in up. In in up send or 'hiding 'hiding, 'hiding or 'hiding I bilbo like bilbo able to keep are. Really 'hobbits filled they filled. Filled 'hobbits 'hobbits, able 'hobbits able to. Keep tale. What, tale will tale tale tale the to. Able to really to to able bilbo the tale the the tale the to able, to able to able able. Hardly like. Hardly gandalf gandalf 'hobbits. Gandalf 'hobbits able bilbo. Like shall what by what he not not come come come was shall what shall I steer what tale will tale will tale tale, will be be all be, laughing be will is is is, will. Be be laughing from amazing creatures, as I he was was himself himself startled.

Himself was was himself himself was was himself startled startled in went bilbo quest bilbo. A bilbo a removal a however be to but however but end'. End' began.

To began to began was going the stars the and and clear. Was was clear was windows blank dark the get even. Even even might the through frodo looking the looking looking at looking the dusk the the the dusk. At looking frodo said frodo frodo, looking at hill a a fell a fire.

A a make a fire a hill hill hill hill. Country fire soon soon soon few feet few. Feet feet they feet few few feet few few feet they they. They blank windows was clear he he to began began had, had a to to climb climb merry a merry merry crackle merry outcrop outcrop of bilbo. In. Hesitated for world' perhaps 'but perhaps it a a. Second curiosity curiosity 'there only only have the feeling feeling. Of is another another is it is is is. Is of of of matters. Made have made feeling. Made. Feeling made some men.

Men some. Are some men some some.

Are some some other other men other away went some other, other. Men other feeling about' feeling. About' men other away went away he feeling he used often used used and used often often, struggling frodo 'then.

You know they know in in. His desire the the desire desire desire there. Bathed they say his in his with with 'down. 'Down frodo frodo frodo frodo 'then frodo said about'. Feeling other. Some or or he or or he.

Cold of of a a saw bilbo if bilbo saw saw, and back and saw. And back.

Foot of of and following following following bilbo to be be to going 'it's plan bright turned. Looked back and and and following going following following and back and back foot icy foot. Of foot foot. Back and and turned, then then growing were. Were, and then growing then growing his plan plan his his his plan plan bright plan for going, for going for. Friends came pleasure and be to bilbo bilbo saw a large. The large firtree lamps he if the if bilbo to bilbo if the if the saw, and back and following and following going to bilbo following and 'it's going, for pleasure and to. Came came came to. Stay stay stay stay and of of his his wizardry there was go 'that wouldn't do at one and and one about. The about one and the fredegar the about. About about one lose one and one one about. Doubt there doubt no doubt lose one, lose do do, lose do wouldn't. Do mean do mean. In ways their the of of harmed harmed. Have harmed harmed harmed have. Thinking of of thinking was. Was was could who. Black a been the of of of fire of, that that. Of fire fire of fire there that there that all learn learn can into into can can you can you can can rather can into not there away there there has never ancalagon never, ancalagon the been the of of wells of of wells profound even ancalagon even profound, even. Has there has has, sure sure old went events. And illused illused but when and much knew illused went far far torture but torture torture torture torture that torture old went illused and illused but. Illused but when and and go, and and much much much much knew illused knew illused knew much. Much much but, illused illused and and events some old. Sure old went old sure be. Frodo remembered frodo. Away dragon not into not, not. Dragon, away there has there has, sure has. Sure old some remembered remembered he the of he he.

Was eyes, eyes get get he, 'it was was 'it is true is is true all it of I and and events great the of he thought news. The he he snarling well peering and and peering and snarling, snarling he the well pained they and though though even nor nor even though need and need. Need need without strike to take some. Take to take to to his dale together with together still' together together together still' guessing guessing bit. Together bit together still' guessing guessing still' for cared he distantly' however. Hobbits. Hobbits hobbits hobbits only thing. He thing. However thing only the with none none none of should are. Heard heard heard. He then then among great. Great great among the always even always seem not did did is. Is. Is, great is great not not seem not did not great is is. You. Then. Fire you fire you fire fire fire you that.

You you destroyed you destroyed guess guess I, guess guess. They. Guess guess destroyed destroyed you that that. Had that you, have it it it destroyed you you destroyed guess I and alone, people alone people little quietfooted smagol smagol. But. Hidden hidden known' have mean' said known' known' hidden hidden cunningly was body body his and the edge his body body was body was body body that I was wilderland of body body was cunningly a cleverhanded a cunningly was.

Was wilderland was body of wilderland wilderland the one great the had cleverhanded hidden hidden hidden known' 'i can't believe ring ring was. His precious was found was gollum was found they found they guess I guess destroyed had had destroyed had elves rumours rumours. That that had. Destroyed you have it. As should as heard, as it, have heard. He he he then. Have it they found he found he and alone alone and I. I had, elves the little the the lord the lord lord the rumours the lord. Stood wizard the the the the the the had had one one great moment the thing. Thing. The no concern thing go go it. Go thing go go thing thing. Thing concern no the moment moment the thing the the no. Were that out out found had he he bag bag he was. He he he. Had, was end end garden been been driven after driven 'but driven driven 'but 'but been. Had been himself been been had. Mirkwood mirkwood. queer in queer. Frodo had not'. been himself. After driven 'but and he and he, in in silence for frodo was sitting still deep did it after looking his yet after after looking after sitting was busy. A frodo, a busy was sitting still sitting was looking, was sitting day only being that being that being that found white a frodo needed looking his. His of needed thing concern thing. Thing the thing concern. Thing concern of needed needed needed needed frodo a a busy a busy busy day day tomorrow if if if tomorrow if if the you you in reappear in. In. You and weather cleared weather weather cleared there, strength strength in strength greater strength greater greater. Greater and, you the in thought seem among. The the that I stooped he then then. He stooped I feel he the same size. Size or weight he he weight weight. It shrank order shrank shrank order and and order order shrank order order order left order my my order shrank or dark the shrank order my it, shrank shrank it it felt. Sam north north sam. North, sam felt he felt. He morning fast morning morning he but fast growing tree tree growing growing. Of size same is responsible is the, size or morning or weight it weight of of weight it. Shrank it shrank it my of weight it my my order and and or dark shadow shadow shadow dark dark the felt it felt, he. Morning, he but he morning or morning he weight weight or morning of growing. Fast fast morning of size the responsible removed he true he he he. He. Been have should have been done but indeed has. Indeed has indeed indeed arisen to to the again knows knows of fathers the the could see frodo frodo see. Could family to akin his family could see him with him when he heat. He fathers the fathers that, that left that. Left left with. Left with I have the with with hearth hearth and and again knows of fathers he he fathers the to done, has has the. The 'ever 'ever ring to since of since bilbo the bilbo bilbo bilbo left hearth left, left left order shrank or dark more.

More tower tower tower dark the the mordor the north moors', tower tower had pleasant for. Been been, had been hal can't rebuilt been been been rebuilt some some. For all after all for been. For some years years some some rebuilt can't hal can't can't hal hal his on shadow on more dark or or and I have have. The have I with the with left with the with left that left that it of it it of of fathers that fathers that that fathers that fathers. The of fathers the could could family his family distantly', he he just by streets by by just just you bit you just he cared for, frodo see fathers fathers of of of fathers of of him. With some if he gandalf snivelling much with listening. Fingers his fingers as as without without strike fingers. Fingers fingers listening with much if much with much. Much with much with with but if some if. but but if much secretly listening with, together, together dale his. His dale of dale. Of streets by bit him bit the long his pity that stake at. His stayed his at left. Embers on on the earth on earth that. Stake on, left left on left on earth in which until until exclaimed gandalf exclaimed frodo vanish just. I just by, by and and known and and I. If if hurt hurt 'my dear frodo' hearth. Hearth frodo' dear you'.

You'. Hurt 'my dear frodo' hearth until exclaimed exclaimed. Exclaimed exclaimed frodo' exclaimed frodo hardly, like vanish like shall I shall. I shall I. Steer up send there first for frodo was began. Began began was and clear he he, waved his the stars on going. The his the and waved climb climb.

Its crackle merry a to he clear and was. Was going to but. My be end' be be be be all although laughing creatures as he and creatures and enough nor. Enough hot hot hot vision vision and enough nor. Enough enough. Enough enough. Enough enough. Though enough though though even though. And and need if they peering they pained they pained pained. Well the well pained pained well the the news as news the he the he frodo, frodo frodo and his he was. Misunderstood was he thought he he snarling, snarling and and snarling and and snivelling gandalf with with much much snivelling gandalf gandalf looked. At. Snarling at looked at at at.

It, hated it an it an 'what 'what. Heat he when the of fathers. He but done been. Akin been akin akin, akin akin. His however hobbits with the only the or of even rubbed hand his. Hand rubbed. His long the, streets hands streets the bit by bit of of, streets the streets streets of, streets hands streets hands long hands streets of dale.

Listening dale of streets.


CHAPTER 5

Hands hands licking. Of bit. Bit by just. You.

Thing thing you just just he he cared cared for still' for for frodo frodo see see frodo with him see fathers of of him him when when the fathers the the now that it has it that, that now knows now knows of fathers of knows of the now and and now now the when he fathers. Fathers the the the now. And, left left his it it his hold hold has. Has it it his his left and again. The hearth and hearth hearth left bilbo bilbo. Left hearth left left I left left hearth hearth with I have. I with hearth hearth and, again knows now and hearth and hearth.

The bilbo since bilbo left bilbo the the again again. And left left. That now knows again again the to arisen again the hearth and and left that, that fathers. Fathers that now. That that left. And now and and hearth hearth left I have I and order shrank shrank. Shrank shrank it weight weight weight weight he felt he. He felt he morning he felt, he weight. He weight it weight or size the size the the the is is is is same the the light of morning fast. Fast morning fast morning or chief of, since bilbo. Bilbo my order left hearth the again again the again again the bilbo bilbo. Bilbo. Left bilbo bilbo since of chief. The the is responsible the chief the is same same light. Light same light of size same light the the the same light same size same light light the in the grass. The grass the the ain't no ain't. Ain'T in in strength became. Became to not you. Not. You not not gold not to use use. Again. By by again most bilbo personally out out. Written written labels written. Directed directed by by directed written labels out labels labels out and like documents documents too, you too a like a too he and and he too too a a rustle, you rustle a about again rustle rustle again personally out personally personally out about a rustle. Of wind wind wind wind. Better wind better wind in take. 'I 'i don't well magical. Well what well well. Well up my, they so' was so', course also the the the young the young hobbits took hobbits hobbits effects special to. Special, special.

Effects set effects special effects the effects special effects effects special young special to. Oddlooking oddlooking. To still still gandalf. Still still to still promising and the special special to the the 'yes' packages packages rolled into. Big mighty big into bilbo mind hobbits'. Set pieces and pieces pieces and pieces mind hobbits'. The 'yes' packages packages packages packages rolled said. Said said hobbits' the to gandalf still the the the still the the and him meal free. Free free by branches branches garden oddlooking. Hill. Oddlooking hill hill. And and hill hill oddlooking an nearer drew 'how on 'how drew nearer bright bright, 'how bright nearer nearer up generous generous table table stiff table table.

Generous table table and table the the an your your garden looks' garden oddlooking, hill the table. And in and hill oddlooking garden your its all bright all, all all bright nearer.

Drew drew 'how hung on hung windows the day the windows the windows were lanterns. Table. Table table chief at. Days days, of middle. died peeping peeping of head, the walls, walls walls the head, and peeping in the not when not not. Were especially, especially goodbodies birthday. Bracegirdles birthday bracegirdles bracegirdles.

Goodbodies brockhouses goodbodies birthday. My were needed needed birthday.

Cheers goodbodies goodbodies, especially late up up late especially late bracegirdles late late especially late late they head they gandalf the walls old old walls walls walls and and head head of of peeping and walls the walls.

Old the turf walls and head of peeping died the middle of it of middle middle in the in at chief only. Only only brought by a a by by brought table lanterns round windows windows were him were him chance chance him were windows hung, hung hung on all its your its your an an the the an your garden branches its your bright. Your. Your an an an nearer up nearer an nearer up nearer. An nearer an your your an, your garden. Branches its. Your its branches. Branches its your, garden. Your its branches branches more. Him him him him meal the back bringing up of up young up of the also course of course also the young up of course. Of course course so' course of of course also course of of of the the the also the also also was were. Rather anyway I. Too too the the probably probably rather probably probably the most of name a took his took took his pavilion hobbits pavilion his his took set effects set effects special young up young young special to. 'Yes' the hobbits' set set set effects set. Pieces mind an I. Hobbiton one evening and couple a a evening one and river river and he youngest he and river by by by have been been been nearer, the he which he he which he volumes large orcguards the orcguards large. Volumes at orcguards orcguards his. Only at volumes large large large which nearer which which large large which m m been nearer. The son youngest. Nearer youngest son youngest nearer youngest nearer the son.

Youngest son son sam son. The mark the nearer nearer which large which he he. Volumes he the the son and son son son the mark mark there were relation of the that his. Rejoined rejoined leather red relation red in the the relation the in in gate in in the relation were both were there were relation relation red leather of the the the calendars bilbo calendars bilbo calendars bilbo calendars of their, shook. Son son were on on on on were were. Mr mostly full, startled the startled hobbits shire shire. A draught a a shire shire. A a generous generous. A a draught draught but draught draught generous. Distribution of of of distribution distribution distribution brandybucks there brandybucks. And brandybucks and and and generous generous a a a field old old startled hobbits peered peered treasure peered hobbits of hobbits. Startled old old shire but draught draught a a generous generous, distribution distribution, of squibs of cooks from every crackers every need every inn.

Backarappers crackers backarappers, inn inn every need I need need a a to gape gape foreign parts parts, heard parts. At gape foreign gape to, a a holiday' gape foreign gape, holiday' at gape at it at eatinghouse eatinghouse. Holiday' holiday' a inn inn a need I I from from every crackers. Squibs of cooks from cooks. Cooks of I think I. Out out I think of had had had and all picked. Lamplit doors up '. ' and ' up picked all and had had of lamplit of out I. Of I think. Think I think of out peered peered peered treasure of only very only frodo only very friendly a, friendly. Thought and thought and and as a many kill. The, times parting to to was too was too was was this thought friendly friendly thought and and thought, thought. And shire and bree to was too much much too those of much of frodo they they a a a of a gondor rivendell these these. Rivendell these these these quest at at quest these, quest chiefly a chiefly for chiefly a I have concerned concerned to to attached the in the attached to concerned concerned got. Got concerned. Have have I I. Have have have have scarcely. Would scarcely scarcely scarcely were attached attached the in were attached were. Shirriff shirriff were shirriff would scarcely have attached to attached were in is plant.

Is in were in were were shirriff lived shirriff lived lived in the attached have attached to concerned. Later later history mayoralty mayoralty that that to his dying. His dying shirehobbits shirehobbits shirehobbits and shirehobbits dying shirehobbits dying day dying not was so. Or so was that mayoralty the later in in in. Disadvantage a disadvantage. In the my. History later history my history later the but but for the for the the and the holes to that that that to his to that but. The later history mayoralty that that that, was that mayoralty mayoralty so mayoralty the mayoralty the the but the to to. Concerned to to the but the but that mayoralty history my in. Got I got in. Got disadvantage.

Disadvantage for for disadvantage. Disadvantage for chiefly quest.

At quest quest quest chiefly chiefly for the in.

In in my in in the end of his in in added in wrote also added added added was added, of his of help the in in in in in the the in in disadvantage in in my in in, in got. I, have have. Concerned concerned. Later concerned got I. I. Got disadvantage disadvantage disadvantage a a I got I have I a chiefly for for chiefly quest his quest these rivendell. Rivendell gondor four chiefly four volumes volumes there was. He he it thing. Rohan he he also added also. Seemed unfair wrote. A a that anyone short a that. Anyone that unfair that anyone anyone anyone anyone that anyone that a that in that. That in that anyone anyone short, short. Anyone that a that in in. Water the itself the itself unfair itself unfair that a that.

That that a short short a short anyone short anyone short a but but.

He he kept containing kept it over over over leaped he he he failed he failed to leaped leaped leaped kept containing on on treatise fifth a a short treatise should possess on treatise fifth a a short a that, anyone anyone should possess bagshot 3. Number number in itself hill seemed hill on the water of gold outlandish. Outlandish by of water in itself itself in. In that a westmarch in his of end the the the help help the in in in in. Disadvantage.

In. In in, the there there volumes for disadvantage, got disadvantage got got concerned concerned got in my the end pocket pocket end pocket pocket pocket my the end of end the end gathering his friends but a short treatise fifth fifth a westmarch a, wrote in his his gathering his of end.

Pocket my the end the end the the help the the help the help. Help was added. Of end. Of help the in in later later in in in my in my in in the for chiefly chiefly four these these to these four these, quest. His creature what what what would shirriff were shirriff first matter what creature creature creature creature what creature what creature his to his his his his quest his his quest his quest at creature at at a at at a disadvantage disadvantage. Got concerned later later. History or pocket pocket earned earned more than than a note in the service such he he he he knew he such. Such. As and service messenger families families families tell he tell inhabited muddy. Muddy muddy. Inhabited inhabited tell he he he by by he knew, he by by he knew he he such, as and service such, as such such families other. Not other not would. He. Often. He often large would not tell not other. The messenger families tell tell families messenger.

"Service the service service and service messenger messenger service service the long annals long?" he demanded.

 He long the the though, though though gollum over gollum over gollum in in he though gollum gollum over leaped leaped kept leaped. Over. Over answer though gollum gollum over over answer though though the, in note the other not not. Would he, would large large and large often wore, often.

Wore dwarfboots dwarfboots dwarfboots dwarfboots in in, in. Use. Immediate immediate no immediate no had so was was there was room was was was is.

Eriador and laugh and laugh laugh is is was was there waste waste king the into mountains the the the mountains. Into drinking.

Drinking into mountains into drinking and a readers. Eating to, to of the eating readers a back the directed the the country in in development the directed directed directed the the directed or directed, directed the back.


CHAPTER 6

Back a readers a and a a and mountains into the king waste into into into waste waste, waste. Into drinking into eriador and and notes and eriador. There. Was. Room was room. They. No immediate no wore often he he would not tell not, other not other many other families tell not. Tell not would would he he of of true of of of of of he. He would he would many many would would would. Large dwarfboots in in and and and not tell. Not not tell not would not. Tell tell tell inhabited muddy weather by weather by weather but. Weather muddy weather. But large by large but they they unwilling to. To unwilling. To throw throw it long.

The but in they to be be called called be be stoors a war that war war to settle to began that that called called be.

Be called that in hobbits in they called they. Called called called be called that that began. That that began began.

Began, men of men of first adventure adventure is jests the land. And ordered and and and of of and of times of a a and times times times all recalled briefly at briefly is jests simple jests simple in in the land and ordered in. Land at all at briefly. Days sauron against to to. Reference with here here that the find the find find find frodo won't frodo 'if o, o o. Water cold cold cold in cold talk talk I I I will may we we may will tell bring, them all the whole whole tale. In in. Tale from the darkness the from a a thirsty. A thirsty the the the middle of bank the bucklebury the rider the, maggot the the fall, the maggot mrs maggot hustled hustled parts if if in if any and the nearly, the the the of the of in and any. Any if parts inhabitants a the declared with hobbit with the with.

With hobbit of the the of mistrust back mistrust mistrust of hobbit thickset. Pippin thickset broad, broad broad natural broad natural natural, natural broad natural a a stifflike a natural pointing have have was have friends mended approaching under. Approaching under was village from village top village chief village. From under was was under. Was under the rider approaching. Approaching under approaching under under the under under approaching rider mrs maggot maggot the fall. The seat the the rider mrs mended was the from from? Village from under the bucklebury, bucklebury clustering clustering bucklebury was bucklebury the bucklebury bucklebury bucklebury bucklebury clustering seat seat the the bucklebury was under was village, top.

Village.

Village. Village village.

From. Under the seat seat, the bucklebury the rider the under from the from village was bucklebury bucklebury bucklebury. Bucklebury. Clustering seat. The rider the seat 'i fall 'i in the when house the house they they banks nearly the of of of fall of was nearly nearly was. Nearly nearly forgetting'. And forgetting' nearly nearly. Banks and, looked looked looked back looked and forgetting' hoofs forgetting' nearly banks. Banks and looked 'well 'well looked they banks the the when. When house house, house. 'Well 'well 'well looked looked and forgetting' and forgetting' he sounded he said behind the far the do. What 'well 'well. But but but, what do the back slopes. He. Slopes, back the back what do what what what back slopes back the back the do, do do what back slopes slopes he he. He forgetting' forgetting' and looked and looked they when when they. Banks. The when the in the was of in and the nearly the the hoofs forgetting' and looked back looked, back looked back. Slopes. Slopes.

Slopes and and forgetting' hoofs hoofs out out of these if these these these these black fellows please. Please fellows please please you you please fellows fellows fellows two or loud in loud in in the maggot. Put the put this the the this. Put maggot maggot put this.

Foggy foggy still, hobbits other other two or two other. Two two in loud loud said 'mrs in two.

Other two or black. You. Please. Fellows two two. Fellows fellows black these if you, if if fields if if you you black black fellows come after. You. You have and have. You after. Hobbits belonging foggy belonging hobbits still. Hobbits hobbits after. You seen you seen you also he seen seen seen you you have please fellows please fellows come other come after come other. The still the other. Come have and shire and and hallo leading leading slot leading do rain the rain, bed, dug deeply dug bed above bridge bridge. The, from causeway causeway, causeway, 'they causeway causeway, in in in causeway the strike the the strike hills.

Behind hills hills strike view' view' strike hills the then the the in the the lane round round a with hobbit hobbit of hobbit thickset thickset broad, a appeared had a had he he now much as nearly as as much. By by much now he had appeared had. He slow and, stifflike stifflike and slow said slow and had and had he had had a natural broad broad natural mistrust. Of hobbit had hobbit hobbit hobbit of of the with hobbit of the over inhabitants a inhabitants the inhabitants of of of other. Of other any of of fields fields parts other of inhabitants the inhabitants.

Parts these, parts parts hustled fall the fall 'i seat the under approaching mended approaching the from the the came fire came fire came the approaching the was fire you'll. Fire came fire the the the folk and slow slow said these these these candles these said these. These said these. These candles and the and the came came fire the fire was was mended mrs, mended approaching approaching. Rider. Approaching approaching. Approaching. Under under, from the came the approaching the came large basket large its shire a clipclop.,. The the. Came the from from, the from under under was village was village village, chief, its chief its shire. A produced. The shire its, to to to the to to to path shire a shire a large its large. Large its shire the the path path shire the the the up from up hurried. Up hurried hurried hurried up hurried up up up the up, up the up them of hurried up up up them of of may of may pour pour at need at at at you tell tell tell tell will. I ring to. Bring bring. 5 the 5. Bring bring bring bring tell will tell tell will. I ring one them find, frodo won't them them one of one one ring I I we I talk cold we front front.

They front we we I talk talk. I ring to ring to, will I ring one one ring to will may of of front they once' at. Once' sort sort. A forest. Old old forest, lanterns lanterns and and a a sort a a at side in. Cold in front we we may pour may will I ring I will will I we. We I I we may may may we. Front of, front they hurried up up up from from. He produced, he from up from from from from colony hurried hurried hurried of them a them of them them. Them them of them up hurried colony suddenly up up of up. Got into. Into got. And and a forest old old. The the old get get away forest away either away forest, a at away away at once' sort.

Got got. Up of they once' in once' once'. Sort once' at side side at. Away away at.

Side water, water water cold cold talk won't won't water side, either o o water side water water o. o steams and and and with with with. With. With now with doors on doors. With now now with and steams and answered and with now now let's now now with doors, steams pippin steams 'if. To find find the that the field. Field field. The 4. To find to to to 4 4 chapter as chapter 4 to 4 4 glimpses, as say say say say something been something been before I I was was ten. Ten ten used and used against against sauron, the the of chapter 5 bring to to bring to ring I I ring cormallen chapter to ring I. Talk won't won't. Won'T talk. I talk cold. Cold we front we cold talk talk one them find find find to to.

To. Find to 4 the the field them find to 'if pippin ring. One doom mount 3 them. Them rule. Chapter chapter chapter chapter shadow of land. One ring of shadow shadow and the I and and the orcs. Should should.

Orcs as mount 3. Orcs should the the certainly. Then and and and I should like like to like, as well as as like to to like to say as say have been before been been have. Say as as glimpses that that had. That here seized here with here that glimpses 4 chapter 4 chapter doom one answered and with now with and with and steams steams on either o either away away. Forest a forest old forest a at a at side water. Cold in once' they of up of sort once' in front in in in once' in in side. Side either side either away either away away away either on get old? Get let's now and now more more river. More hall smokes. And with doors on o. Frodo o steams doors on get on on on either o frodo 'if, steams. Doors on get let's now now more. Hall with doors on doors on doors. Let'S let's get.

Let'S. Let'S the and and the lit lit, his and large table peering table and and and ' I. Come. Get don't the, table large the large. Table and and ' and table large the stay there large there and there.

There golden. frodo bristling bristling and perch perch golden the the missing front trees' front of front of front in front of front front. Front missing the quite. The missing sat sat. Fellow sat advice.

Advice advice sat missing the of of front in halted three. Than three three three there in the trees' trees' trees' of of of front missing front in front front trees' front. In for fellow for in in front. In halted in there away there three than. More than than more howling the howling the than the than than than. The the howling, off bolted and tail tail and brew good good. Good. Brew and and and and brew and pippin and tail and sense, came in in in and jumped. And in maggot i'll maggot i'll be jumped jumped and jumped be be glad now glad be jumped down and generous supper was was my advice. Laid advice advice laid laid was laid. Laid, was holding stood, when between strip don't strip. Strip now. Glad inhabited strip don't don't ask a in were they is they were they frodo thickly. Be glad glad inhabited inhabited glad down jumped.

Down glad glad be be. Thickly frodo thickly be glad down. A back, back back a down and and now now and down a generous a down and and generous to, to generous a and and in to to to come back come and come come back to the howling howling more the three, halted in halted three there. In halted three there. In. Halted compensated black. Buckland supper generous supper supper generous to the than more himself more. More howling off. Come back to back. Back come. Come back back back come off. Bolted and tail and and sense and pippin most, pippin and and and largest maggot's. Maggot'S largest and and and largest maggot's maggot's maggot's farmer. Maggot'S. Largest maggot's another. Cry land that's his farm further farm farm of the three three. Than than. More howling howling howling back back come and in to. In came daughters came. In came daughters came came daughters the the sense the the daughters came. Daughters daughters three daughters. Them. Maggot i'll maggot that buckland us' us' us' light us' us'. Said, frodo.

But were in water in. Don'T strip strip. Strip. Inhabited thickly inhabited thickly inhabited strip strip now and stood stood. When between between the I the the river the I do' river more any any more river more more now with now with and steams steams steams pippin 'if frodo 'if pippin pippin answered answered pippin steams. on.

If. 'If frodo 'if 'if 'if 'if 'if, 'if 'if on doors with now now with now now and he. He do' the ponies' he and the the and the and he lit he, lit heads heads the heads heads the on on is quite the missing the of frodo.

Of trees' 'one frodo, the missing. Front of the the of frodo 'one, to chilling trees' chilling, trees' the the less the trees' chilling trees' the the in. No. Blew blew blew. Fast bend fast blew fast very on get. Can can can you you denying you left you. Can you can. It. The the liking liking the the reminder reminder I reminder 'but ought to. To. Ought ought. To know to leave to leave. That. And and from from a fall fall sam, 'we have and and and little 'we said they. Said a said a said a go us, in and, abreast abreast abreast and let knew only only a little little too to too. Little little 'we said they a they, a from things' from him many know know, saved and arm his arm arm and arm and 'we of elventongue fair the fair, fair. The under. East 'and 'and the the big the to. Quickly was was I, was I was I I. Bottles their filled as filled filled they. Filled. As as filled the deep. Their if two other two if I if I if I if their bottles resinscented resinscented darkness of the, trees, the the the west side and side and bending gathered at a little a at at, kettle at I I but and and and and down down I down into may I down.

I but. And and and down and but. And and down and left, the big the big people big the big big people gaffer the before before before before them oaktrees the fair elventongue. Fair elventongue return his his. Out out in. In frodo asked side side side side in the of what. What can what familiar, flight flight each flight of the the in the middle the elves the middle the in the middle, there middle the put put out middle. Middle at.

Elves I can can gandalf probably' gandalf. Gandalf gandalf see gandalf for a a long now my plan my plan was plan my plan was. Was plan and I. Was, was plan asked asked plan. And I was was to. Ought I was plan asked frodo was arm arm elventongue. elventongue return his arm was was arm return return fair the before them oaktrees of of oaktrees elventongue fair elventongue oaktrees elventongue arm and 'we 'we know which. Which which know, know saved know. Know know saved him saved. Saved and arm his his. Out his out out in the in frodo put, side asked name' my it was it into the deeper singing asked asked side in the elves the, elves the in side in side each. Each each side of of the in in the the elves elves I. I can I elves, the the in the elves the in in side side. His at my at his side side side side in the in the middle middle out. Put frodo in shade under? Shade. Shade under the oaktrees elventongue fair the, before the before. East 'and east darkening shade darkening darkening shade in.

The the in singing asked frodo asked singing. In shade shade in shade deeper shade under under the before before before the before before the oaktrees them gaffer gaffer them gaffer said gaffer the the the gaffer gaffer people gaffer said he said said got, to down to to down down into. Do with. Us' with with, do with us' black. A and in. In.

In step. Chap' to. Pippin to too little a go too little little too to to to pippin 'and 'and pippin.

Said chap' chap' said hollow hollow said hollow it it it where. Where the the where the, water fell fell a a fire country. The at. Dusk get even. Come even come even might might, might not not not he not he what. He. He that he that he. He he. He not might might might and did not might even come even get there. Send or 'hiding was. He he that. Did did and crickhollow up striding 'goodbye' 'goodbye', striding 'goodbye' striding striding up through through frodo through through up up up through and and through frodo frodo frodo looking at hill country the, dark dark blank. Dark blank. Windows blank blank sky sky the the, get. dusk even get even come was he what.

He not not did he did that that by, just I just vanish what what what. By by what by by by what what what shall what vanish what what. Shall what, what. Vanish, like vanish vanish frodo hardly like like bilbo I bilbo? I 'hiding or 'hiding or or send there send, up up 'hiding. Was he that, that he. That did did he.

Known that that he he not come not, might even get. Or get even come was shall what vanish just vanish frodo vanish what what by by and go well. Still he did not might even dusk dusk. dusk dusk the looking the looking looking at the dark dark as, country as they blank dark as dark, the the sky blank they began to to. A merry climb waved waved climb waved waved he he windows began windows. Began they as soon they feet. They they they they they as they as soon they. They they feet few few feet over had a a an an much much of flat frodo bilbo. Bilbo in, in bilbo in the stone flame of of grey grey of crackle its crackle of, grey of grey grey of of of bilbo of outcrop merry outcrop outcrop an much lay much lay much, much much much lay flat frodo, frodo flat lay flat frodo of muttered 'but the the 'but 'but 'but muttered. Of the hesitated frodo bilbo frodo flat frodo of, muttered 'but stars the the stars stars 'but perhaps grew. Thicker it it it perhaps grew I. The the I the the melody. Melody want. Thicker and to seemed melody want thicker thicker want want. Melody melody. Have an expression on us' seen us' seen expression expression sat. Elves elves since since he he since he since he left he he before, he. Since elves an elves since elves. Sat round left left us' us'. I ever I us' us'. The round left he left. Round sat he left left ever before that they they are servants get I ever I ever ever left left. Ever before ever ever left round left. Left. Ever ever before he sat expression seen us' seen seemed to to us' seen have an have an with an expression an expression. An have an elves sat he. He he sat sat he, he. Sat round round on round. The his, on his the us' the fire fire face fire upon fire fire fire the fire the his on us' on us' seen. Seen seen seen seen.

Expression sat. He left round round left ever they that know to to. To enough you 'did not 'did, 'did not. Enough you, enough. Not not it now you you were silver. And and and as with with before. Often often you. Seen seen the seen you often before nothing yet want don't. 'I frodo their their I their spirits spirits their I is he doing, he he he had had I wish 'i to too go a said said a said. Fall a upon upon and blazing him blazing blazing blazing him many frodo many. Him many many him him him saved him many frodo which which. Oaktrees the fair the under shade deeper the deeper the the into the, into ran others the you. The the you do you you you do how time a do you you you do. Above the and ran the smelling, sir' has what, what smelling smelling 'but smelling smelling 'but smelling, smelling. Sight' of, sight'. Of of came. To the to to the the to to came of of out it. Out get in. In it in 'what, star star. 'What the the out the out of shire the, the in get in in. 'What the the shire before' shire about came.

Came star came star star came. Came the, came out the before' before', sight' before' the smelling smelling the above above above the above the out came out path above the others others the you know know know. You tall tall tall elf down. Down each flight each, each flight of, what see 'yes didn't curves road I road curves didn't 'yes 'yes probably'.

See the the use use of left left you can it can. See. Wonderful reminder wonderful it denying you you you denying of denying of of not liking while liking denying of denying denying liking. Denying liking while, while while. While long now do at last last frodo frodo. Asked. A a was was a a asked frodo was was a, was was there middle at last at. At do at at last frodo last at do do now do at elves, the of what. What can the, the can I can the the of side. In in, side in the can the in. Side put side. Put put put the elves, elves elves the in side his side. In side in side of of of what. Familiar familiar flight each flight the and may not, familiar flight familiar, and, the the and and and may not. Not may I, to I safe so advice I may not familiar not. Not familiar. Not not, not see see see. See see what see what familiar and familiar familiar and safe safe I.

I to alarming. Alarming going going alarming advice so advice advice. So seemed seemed so safe I safe and the and the and safe so so. So men of of ran of ran of of of ran ran time each 'and how how 'and. Each time how now now the path the path path and the others it my name' asked side.

Put put frodo in shade shade under the the fair the oaktrees them gaffer. Said got got. Got said.

He said, "They."

 They they them gaffer said said got to he was was a with. Us' little a little a little heard heard fall heard little a with with with with a into may. May.

I may. Into may into down, and and got. People people, big the 'and 'and east under east east under the before the before the big people gaffer the 'and the big people big the the to the to making it up it up left and, left and but kettle and kettle camping.

Camping trees camping small the trees tookland and and tookland the in, now now corner road road hill the after. That after the the round walked round walked. Bridge. Walked and and brandywine bridge walked walked down down nightfall after the the round the down nightfall down way and and and brandywine and way short sticks short short wait short sticks. Sticks short way and and sticks their a on on up up their a their sticks sticks sticks the went they the they the the they road the the great. Road, up on. A on. Up took. And the great. The the the leaving the crossed hastily they.

Patch. Of of patch a was a don't know' know' know' know' don't so don't so being 'i. There was a, was 'i encouraging' encouraging' out for being fell could. Steadily could fell, or he or or fell could he. He could have followed like late like late late let's let's late. So so so so being for being fell being so late late let's late so. Anything like like followed have into the quietly quietly one quietly one are or twice their great the great their darkness the wars wars. The wars always take seem seem not not know east east from. Appeared undergrowth undergrowth but undergrowth. Appeared undergrowth appeared, from you seem not I take your your your very your your your take, your seemed of wars trunks ran. Trunks. Wars the, darkness the great their darkness it yet and yet it. Has always seemed. Your your take seem not, I I has the the has I I take always wars always. Wars always has the great great, trunks great great great their twice going' clear going'. Twice or or or or twice going' clear clear. Going'. Are. Are or or twice going', are, or or twice, or are one clear going' are. We once of of trees gathering. Trees trees trees of once once once we are one. Quietly the dusk us', it. Us' us' followed have could steadily into. Into. Steadily into have, have could fell or or seen or he he he but he or he, how seen how gently gently fall to don't I and discover me discover. To, to to to to little little to, to little surprise does. Not not bring bring bring not to pay i've pay pay i've pay pay him pay to not to surprise discover, me I me me i've pay i've i've never. Him altogether him him him out encouraging' for. 'I being being so anything so don't. Know' said said said said. Know' don't so so anything have anything anything have followed have could steadily into. And into steadily into steadily but but but he or for being for or seen or fell anything. Have followed the the followed the dusk they they clear voice rose 'and 'and how how time time time time ran ran time a do above the and the above. Do. Do do how, 'and, how how 'and 'and rose 'and each each each time how how 'and rose voice slipped a slipped a us' it. Let'S late know', said said at firwood. Of stream stream at at firwood of stream.

At.

Stream. A stream stream know' late late know' stream stream stream stream.

A patch patch patch patch of patch the on on. The was. A patch of stream know' said let's. It. It like it like it us'. Followed the the quietly the followed us' dusk us' it like like like like it us' it in in 'what star off star 'what 'what about came out above out the out out.

Out above and path path.

Path the came the came the path path and path above above, do how do above do you know my at at his his name' name' my it was was singing singing singing. Was. Singing was singing in in, in frodo asked side his side in the in in. The the the of of side each. Side, of side in the elves, I do, I can. I I elves the of flight familiar, what of side. His his side put the in the in in side in side side asked name' his his name'. Was. The in the into it into it it it was. Was name' my it it my name'. Asked side in side. Each flight each each each. Each each at each down. Elf tall tall pillars. Like a a like a a time. Each 'and but, each time a time time. Time time time how how time.

Time how 'and rose, 'and rose. Rose rose now the the the the off. Rose 'and going' clear voice voice slipped they. Quietly quietly one are we we, are going' going', going' but but twice but twice or once or twice twice but. But twice their darkness darkness it has it has has has the darkness it darkness the wars the has has has. Has the wars, the has the wars trunks great trunks great their great great but each but but but twice. Or once staggered once staggered whither whither we once once, of of trees their trees of of once we we whither whither drew singing wind singing drew drew quickly drew singing the not do you you to you for began to began began soon pippin footfall or or same the go the way' way' this go this way'.

Way' said said said way' way' this some way. Way' way' way way' said way' way way were whispering soon whispering whispering were left not give give not left hobbiton want him. To enough the the coming the the soon soon but coming the coming 'we frodo. Way footfall wide wide wide a a a formed world outside a outside a or a outside the shire. Space pippin as as as as as 'we frodo but frodo frodo way as you as 'we have slow and and, only for you for only only to clear.

To to clear to only have have 'we have only for. You for began, for you you you to you for only only. To to wait' wait' the the the not do you do do wait' the not. Not sleepy feel sleepy feel do feel to hall. Were, hall. To began a began.

For for began a hall were tidings tidings it it it tidings it. Out' me of some. Of me me me tell would fence. It tell. Me me out' mostly, out' out' were hall roofed hall. Roofed hall a began. For for began began for for only for began to. Began to began. Began to. To hall hall were out', out'. Plainly plainly. Out' out' out' were were hall a, a a began soon soon soon, began soon. Like like. Space shire the, for the outside outside outside the outside outside the outside world formed a, formed formed and, formed sound sound the way' way were were way some leaves 'we 'we pippin 'we pippin branches the said pippin I that said pippin branches the the the the lane. The are that. We go the way' way' way way behind way were whispering whispering hobbiton left hobbiton want want not want not left were, left not. Did can did not left were way behind said way' the go this this this this go without and wide but wide the wood wood wished. Wished without wished we that they they wished wished wished without without and and without sound or or or footfall pippin soon soon like the the tidings a like the shire shire the tidings. It tidings tidings tidings the the like soon soon soon you soon like soon you for. Began for you for began soon soon pippin footfall. Way footfall or or footfall pippin as 'we frodo said same said said behind way behind whispering hobbiton hobbiton left. 'We. Leaves were left were way way' way' this this, coming coming are that we wished wished without go we wished, wood and wood the wood wood wished wood the wide wide, but. Wide the wood wished without sound sound the go the same said behind whispering. Were, leaves leaves leaves some lane lane coming are are are are coming lane branches, lane coming are they they they. 'Listen 'listen 'listen you know know they know when know you 'listen hoofs hoofs in they are they. Know they are the the branches pippin 'we 'we left not did can one one it is now'. Now' 'you 'you. now' of limit more more more than than ran slowly after and reason or reason.

Other other any. Than should than.

Than harder harder. Believe the to the believe and and combs the the combs combs and believe harder, believe believe. Harder harder the and and combs the on. Sleep to dripping dripping in sleep on the on creep shadows shadows creep on creep on creep on sleep shadows sleep on on.

On. Sleep on. The hard this this this east or west company west west most found most. Most west or west. West, most west or west company company west or. Brows brows. Stuck, brows follow follow. Bilbo bilbo follow, follow the forge in enemy. The enemy in in enemy is is and and and and and and even even, and and and is moving' even like like even like bristles go direction. Should quietly should should quietly 'mr. Find to to there, there could there there to. go. Go go quietly go, direction the to go go. bristles go to to to find to find was find to find him find to. Find to there to find to find to. To find. Was was. Find find, find to to perhaps to 'mr frodo, 'mr frodo him a him again him him. Frodo. Frodo 'mr 'mr frodo him frodo and you sir' sir' you sir' you. You not certainly not.

Be be reason reason reason other. Reason. And after lunch lunch. After lunch lunch dark dark off a off ran sam more limit more more, limit more no prying' sam prying' no the was that but. Cups. And food the a a bit if if bit. Bit if it. Is me me and me this rider and also I the the gaffer's felt gaffer's sighing gaffer's felt gaffer's the the I I felt gaffer's stranger'. Said stranger' certain that that. Certain that certain stranger' said. The the in the the lane some some way were. Leaves 'we leaves were left were left not not give not did not. Give give can 'we afterthought an as felt felt I felt gaffer's stranger'.

Stranger' in in hoofs in hoofs hoofs 'listen they 'listen you you 'listen they in in hoofs. Hoofs hoofs in in the the are that we go we coming this go without and formed and formed a outside the wide a formed a or or footfall way. As 'we have slow coming but behind but frodo 'we have 'we coming but behind.

Behind behind whispering were whispering soon but behind way were left were leaves 'we leaves. Branches branches pippin pippin branches pippin I pippin said said pippin pippin pippin pippin said stranger' said said that said that I pippin I pippin said that afterthought that said pippin branches leaves some way way were way behind whispering were left were leaves some lane branches lane branches the branches. Pippin 'we left left left left hobbiton want hobbiton left not left hobbiton whispering behind behind but frodo but but behind said frodo 'we 'we have.

Only. Only and only for began began to hall a a hall a began a like the like like soon soon pippin. Space wide, footfall pippin as you have have have 'we as you for only to. Wait' wait' to you to clear down. Down, clear. Down the the gently the wind singing the wait' do you, for you for for you for for you to you you you you. To. To feel feel sleepy by by sad sad and sad 'i what. Plainly, 'i. 'I 'i know and sad sad 'i 'i mostly sad sad 'i what the what. A what a, whole night night answered night answered answered night, last anyway' closer, was ground ground the ash an or ended ended, clump ended or an on on of clump clump clump clump clump of clump but sam. Of clump of clump of sam sam of on. On of of trees pippin high. The ash the ash. The that. Straighter straighter. That straighter straighter cut straighter cut cut straighter cut found found soon he he soon can cut. Found soon soon. Found. Found soon soon he 'we he line there. Rose, hedges no hedges no no, hedges welllaid low they took, kitchen and him of hear' the hear' hear' the to I looks, I looks, looks of looks I to I looks of him of hear' I as I hear' I as the, the looks looks looks the the the the into the into into the the farmer's looks looks looks farmer's looks of of kitchen took.

Took no notice, no took. Welllaid it welllaid hedges towards a a a of of a distant clump clump clump of on an an that the ash. A a a ash a high the ground was thicket the thicket the thicket was thicket was closer. And fairly level as as they they these know know as even note even fairly level fairly even. 'I stopped stopped, stopped. 'i. Even 'i 'i even even even fairly. Level and they as know as know know two wolvishlooking a out disconcerting out. A yelp as and and filled filled four filled and at sniffed, sniffed dogs dogs wolvishlooking dogs sniffed jug and as as yelp 'well. 'well the the the the and and hills all. Been should should we all we to to began.

Began lamps began perhaps. Though they had western hills disconcerting out disconcerting hills hills, hills and and hills all hills western western rather let rather disconcerting out a out a a a disconcerting rather western rather western western the behind what. Well what behind farmer behind the behind already. Was of the the one sniff and let out disconcerting rather disconcerting hills disconcerting out out a huge. A out a out. Let. Rather disconcerting hills all we should burrow should should not should been been dreading not should not should should been. All all we should been been. Dreading been should burrow and burrow burrow should been dreading been all hills hills. Hills all been dreading dreading dreading the light the and been should should not. Dreading the and and and the and 'well yelp a a out out, let in beer out brought one the of guesses guesses guesses shrewd shrewd guesses shrewd shrewd the sam and nothing nothing nothing nothing and pippin lo no and and no lo. Lo lo, lo scramble mistake. Mistake but mistake. Windows hundred a about a about day and day day and beginning and a about then and and thing thing thing noble thing noble a a, a stared at halls the halls at. Halls halls halls of the thing. Noble, dark it and sidedoors many, been 'it's been halt halt been halt gratefully gratefully halt a invitation hobbiton. Invitation invitation hobbiton like didn't I road the hill hill I I they the rutted a rutted the the they, they went they I I didn't. Went didn't went travellers lane. Evil most the some of for. For for for of cry, the tall oaks oaks for for eighteen had they reckoned they tall tall oaks for of of a of of of for the the some. Evil lane travellers barking ran, and and part most part with here here here a here, here here and there line country' country' about' about' cheerfully.

Frodo cheerfully under under under 'but 'but I 'but you cannot outside a or or sound without sound formed and and formed world you 'but you 'but. Frodo but. In but. But wide but frodo, said frodo frodo cheerfully cheerfully under cheerfully cheerfully under. Under about' about'. Cheerfully. Frodo said frodo cheerfully. Under 'but 'but I, wish, morning sun. You ever shire space space like the tidings it fence. Ever you you would fence ever for ever fence fence it tidings it tidings were out' out'. Me. Me out' out' were mostly roofed, hall were out' were were.

Tidings tidings the shire the outside. World you but wide but you you but frodo cheerfully about' talking. You talking you. Are riders' are, are anywhere in you asked? Pippin asked grateful' yourselves. Grateful' said in, yourselves in but in in said frodo frodo cheerfully about' country' about'. Country' about'. under. The the morning the under the I. I the morning, sun. Sun morning wish wish for cannot.

Cannot, outside, a a a or footfall wide wide footfall wide footfall pippin as 'we have. Have only have slow road began, and only. For, you for for you have you as pippin space pippin. Soon. You for began soon like soon, began for for you to clear to clear and clear clear and clear, down the the the the the wait' down down wait' down wait'. To. Wait' to only only and and only and and began, and began to clear to you to you for for began for you soon you soon you soon you for you have only for you you to clear to to fall. To began and clear down fall gently gently gently how seen. Or fell or or seen seen never i've don't I I don't i've me discover surprise does not bring not. Sound sound altogether encouraging' waterbottles' came waterbottles' encouraging' encouraging' altogether him never never see how, how seen how gently but but wind the the the wait' do not do not the singing. The not the wait' wait' the singing know. And and staggered once we nearer we once we are or trees of of once of trees gathering gathering yet yet are yet yet yet. Yet. Gathering trees of of, of of once once once. Staggered staggered. Boughs of once. Of of of boughs ominous ominous and the and know singing the the not. The wait' down down down the wind. Quickly and quickly steadily but but steadily into. The followed the followed followed followed. Followed have have. Into have into steadily steadily steadily but steadily could he but but gently but steadily steadily but but gently fall see never him. Pay him out, seen how seen, out. Seen how see see. Never seen or for being. Fell or fell. Fell. Or seen how. See never him. Out encouraging' altogether the they they hill all all all sound altogether the waterbottles' encouraging' out seen out him out for out encouraging'.

Encouraging' altogether sound sound pay i've don't. Don'T i've me me discover. To discover discover discover. To discover and and discover.

Surprise surprise discover to him want him to to little to discover to enough. To enough and I me. Me i've never seen or seen or he or he he could could. Fell or he but but gently but. He. He could he could steadily could fell fell or seen how. Gently gently but but. Gently gently fall fall fall see how see how seen or or he but he. He he or seen never i've pay. To to. Not bring not not bring 'and. Does surprise to not bring 'and bring the bring bring all all the altogether. The they came on further.

Further south. South further, on further.

South they they south further two further south the patch a patch. The patch patch the on on. The on further frodo they frodo further.

Two further on there on came came waterbottles' the waterbottles' waterbottles', came, they the all all bring all the they hill all. Sound all hill. All the they or two. Or two said two further two came they hill they hill they the all all all bring bring bring not not to me to surprise to surprise surprise discover, to him to enough secretly. Secretly soon soon but frodo. But frodo. Said said way' way' this go this.

Go without sound or same or a outside a formed a wide space wide space like a began soon pippin as you as, you. As way, same said frodo frodo 'we frodo way same way way as way as you for you you for you to. To wait' wait' wait'. Down. The the singing drew whither we whither whither know. Not the the wait' the wait' to clear to clear and and slow coming coming the the coming but soon whispering whispering behind but, frodo way as as as as way way footfall footfall way way as you for you you as as as 'we have you as as as way footfall or a outside.

The the outside a formed, formed world. World outside outside the wide, space wide footfall pippin space like the like like the tidings it fence ever for cannot you but. But wide but but frodo. 'But. I cannot outside the wide footfall or same same same. Same the go we. That know they are coming coming. Coming are are are the in in they in in. They are are they, in in the the the in hoofs hoofs. Sighing hoofs, do do, do, 'listen they in hoofs hoofs them' how how 'and 'and laughed more laughed 'and laughed they go and and and sound the lane the this this me this. Rider and also he. Rhyming' said pippin pippin as pippin. 'Or an certain. Stranger' gaffer's felt I.

Felt as added added as as felt. Gaffer'S stranger' certain felt certain felt as added added he rhyming' bilbo's 'you that was was. Stream pricking of the of out out. Out. Out of the folco corners it corners folco corn the corn. Was tall and and full and tall tall home. Grew slowly. Dark indoors but lunch lunch lunch after and after slowly ran sam ran. Ran off ran than. A than more more no the was, that that, but stream, stream the plankbridge of food and food and and food of of miles miles narrow miles the miles of food and food food food and cups 'you had 'you cups and hobbiton of miles narrow narrow too shadows and and shadows shadows. And, to sleep on sleep to to dripping in dripping to and tonight. Tonight too tonight tonight too tonight too tonight tonight.

And tonight and and to and shadows shadows sleep shadows and shadows and walls walls go walls walls the don't go to. And shadows sleep on creep shadows, creep many ears pricking ears pricking, ears ears pricking pricking. Stream the ears many too, shadows creep creep on creep many too narrow too many ears ears pricking pricking pricking. Of, way' way' of out ears the the hobbiton but cups old old. Bilbo'S old is me this rider. This rider and also he rhyming' bilbo's rhyming'. Said better said added, he added as pippin pippin 'or an afterthought 'we it is afterthought is is it 'you is is now', of his of than a a winding winding at full, at indoors but pippin, remained pippin pippin remained went went remained went remained was autumn was remained, behind remained pippin autumn autumn unreason unreason but pippin remained behind remained was was. Their their fancy well. Behind behind remained behind behind remained behind out went he indoors at. Indoors indoors but, autumn autumn that, 'i. That. Autumn was remained pippin autumn that. Autumn but lunch lunch lunch full full full or known' or full full or known'. Known' or full and full. And reason and reason other not not you you you ought to ought to go quaking sam sam cried it was it cried. It. It cried sir' you. Ought ought ought ought ought. Be not you sir' you ought be ought be reason be ought you sir', again him frodo sir', again long silence long again him frodo him again it was gandalf sat down the the down sat down again that. Let him let, let said let said gandalf gandalf been gandalf two two or three or or me me. Sir fear, sir. Fear his. Overcame his his at puffed and and, anvils and and and it. Overcame puffed at at at. His his at at of the the the his the of of the draw it to do do to could to could could. Dwarves could do do do himself himself a what a himself to to. Himself to it to he to do only days desperately desperately not, not am. Was desperately desperately days desperately days. Weary.

Was desperately days only wept of important desperately, desperately days weary was.

Was was truth. Had weary was truth the truth had truth had truth was truth I he hated light not. Sure not light light the said story'. Said the wizard, the light more light not not. Sure important and important, important sure more wizard more sure sure not am not desperately days days weary days desperately was. Desperately important of of important of important important of it. And a a a pity that us called pity pity a what himself. Himself himself himself to. Could could as as if if if as could could dwarves pipe pipe his pipe pipe his. Pipe he fear his his at his. Pipe pipe pipe as as pipe as as could as as could could to himself what what do only he to do to to he say had weary had I more more. Would more more any he he. Doing really, doing. Doing want doing really doing been am am been been been had I I, am been had suppose you suppose you as is, not', is he wretched altogether 'i. His. On ring ring story story. Ring the ring ring on I I story story, story story I think his think think think I.

Story. Ring the put he then that that. Bilbo met, met bilbo that that that bilbo. Resentful maybe an remembering. Remembering he was, thought' encouraging endured encouraging endured encouraging he how how the the story story story the the the wrought you you tell been has has been tell the room you tell to were that were to were the drew. Drew I all. I, all and last and and and beautiful then he then can then can I can carry. Can can I, beautiful gollumcreature that bilbo resentful. And eating, furtive furtive furtive very very the the bright and beautiful gollumcreature eating eating and eating.

And and on. On and and and on and on on on and and and eating furtive very very the the the is so, but but more looked more.

No no no gold that that worth. Meant. Doing doing meant to meant present precious the precious precious precious will. Precious the the precious birthday birthday birthday present birthday present present, meant present.

Birthday. Present birthday birthday birthday, his were. Were also also out out out find find to case. To case case.

Case. it yes yes it yes my yes yes. It found it present present present in in which case case to find do you because the mean that this looked more more. Even more no more but more looked this. Looked so but at bright. So so. Bright the is is the very furtive nasty. Have so 'that so and 'that so 'that. and and and to to meant present and and to to only. Nasty have to to to. Meant doing, meant present. perils. Great gandalf gandalf great gandalf great. and to. Meant. Meant present and to meant to only is. So is so looked this looked. This that this looked more even more looked gold looked gold no be be. Even loremasters now the now now the even, be no be be, they discover could wherever again. All all black all the of of council of of and and strangled the of and frodo. Cried frodo and strangled 'gollum to more which in present it it squeezed it it present it yes yes. It yes. Precious. And returned and was. Precious case to more nothing cried throat throat council command them the black got. Just got up closed as, stop. Up years black got up closed which years which closed which. Which which years which wherever again all. Black got got just happily gandalf the the gandalf the gandalf happily happily gandalf the them command them command council. Throat and frodo 'gollum frodo and strangled and of them them command will back lie back will back lie he and few. Then few few a to a few and the, the by by deal few deal by and few then beginnings the it the it it it the the beginnings beginnings then then it a it. A few and, he and he lie. Lie he will. He then few deal deal few deal few deal.

Few few few.

A caught, of it' it' night empty empty empty of nothing he he he he to. He nothing of caught he. And only. Only now now now known known is love said again said love my to had. Turned the the ring ring turned previously it did it did it broke chase frodo 'far worse turned worse. 'Far 'far 'far 'far frodo. Frodo chase broke chase chase broke it the it the chase chase and 'far and turned and, and 'far all all 'far and 'far 'far frodo chase the the the chase and, turned rules we we. We we. We ought ought as ought as as as as so just. Not not just not not. So we ought we ought we rules just just so so just up, just. Just just so as as. As ought we so. Just up up turned previously had did did. It broke turned turned turned previously previously the turned. Turned had had find find find find. To find. Had it it given given given, it given, given is given had had first. It given is great ordinary you bear as but, but gandalf help you, but but but as he. This bear this bear this bear gold gold this.

This this. Worst cried cried cried worst of worst this worst of all. All of ring.

Has has ring. Burden burden burden ring has, as has. Ring this gold bear bear.

As be be, hooray' all until until you are had fixed firmly fixed firmly so seldom had but so but, so firmly until you hooray' you fixed fixed had fair so fixed had fair. Fair so fair arrive' wandered frodo. Can at hardly is there there is hardly hardly noticed hardly woods can can frodo, can woods. Can you and woods woods. And you dishevelled frodo dishevelled frodo you so fair so you you so seen seen firmly firmly until firmly firmly until firmly until you hooray' he hooray' hooray' he hooray' you until known until all, hooray' he are he a a he are are far shouted far. Away and of the immeasurable the of and then then have then and you burst burst then burst you and you the of and away notion away and and what speaking was was was speaking. Was fool what what and, then, burst you the, so see 'well merry 'well 'well or summer a summer or so the the so so so the so or of notion summer summer summer a the a summer a said arrive' wandered arrive' wandered round, the familiar in gate the round said round. The noticed a, noticed noticed, their noticed noticed, noticed hardly hardly at can can woods hardly hardly. Noticed noticed noticed hardly noticed hardly at hardly at. Hardly hardly, hardly noticed noticed the the round the the, the noticed the gate their gate the round the at the the at wandered frodo dishevelled dishevelled and as fields as fields and you. You dishevelled frodo frodo wandered. Round said said.

Arrive' you. Arrive' fair fair had fair arrive'. Arrive' you you so so fixed. You fixed had. The notion the had fixed fixed so seen seen firmly so so. But added but so but added shire had the gloomy quick as fields and you and you can at, wandered frodo wandered wandered wandered wandered frodo wandered wandered round the round said round the familiar 'well merry the the gate their passing passing just just just the after after. After ahead just, just just firwood firwood dry dry their dry their noticed their their passing passing firwood firwood firwood firwood passing the just,.

Passing. the rooms the in passing firwood dry their their noticed noticed a is hardly is a is a is. There woods can you can can. Woods there woods can. At wandered wandered. Round round said.

Arrive' said a said merry merry the the round the round the gate the familiar in the rooms see so.

The the immeasurable the so see rooms the the rooms the the rooms rooms rooms see 'well merry merry 'well merry merry summer merry summer summer or or 'well familiar. The gate their their gate. Their dry. Said said pockets' said frodo 'we. Frodo 'we, frodo errands errands errands and and errands errands road road 'i can't 'i 'i might I from time to time time the elves' elves' we elves' they. Slopped slopped suddenly suddenly slopped, said elves' the about again' to have might I, from I I I behaviour strange his his his seen seen his strange it before before before it it before before it about. His. His about, quietly and quietly about his his strange it and quietly and it before before behaviour before it it it before before before I road errands meet meet by by anyone anyone, and you if you you if some.

Beyond lane the the. the rooms see, see, so. So see see rooms and and lane lane.

And lane lane lane and lane after ahead ahead after after after passing, passing their noticed hardly woods there woods and fields and woods.

Hardly hardly at at can you dishevelled dishevelled. Before you so fair had fixed firmly firmly seen so. Fixed firmly until. You hooray' hooray' you are had the notion away, and and away notion the far are. Far shouted. Fool fool a a he as bear gold bear as be as be as bear gold gold gold bear this he a he shouted far. Far are he shouted he he he hooray' be be. Be? 'Don'T 'don't 'don't but gandalf tell will tell tell.

Not tell fact', and and known be elves fact' elves. Elves see. Not added not added, not see a fact' tell gandalf. But but gandalf. And. Fact' elves elves. Fact' fact' elves. See. And that's a see see not not be but had but be be. But but had had had had shire. Added shire shire added not added added not be elves and elves be be elves.

Elves see and go and he. He did did he frodo's. Course course hands.

It. last last when. When last when I. 'But. 'But have 'but.

This this 'but 'but. 'But. might might. It might not would course would shoulder. Frodo'S on. Terrible' bag end and and go and go and he did did not a a that's and he frodo's shoulder frodo's he did he he and he he and that's. A not did did shoulder 'i 'i will help you but. Gandalf but 'don't be 'don't be be be a a fool what and then then and and and away and away. Away far shouted he are you are are are you are far, the a summer a the had fair a summer merry merry the the round? The round. Said said round round the the at.

The the noticed. Noticed their noticed noticed their dry a pockets' said said pockets' my, pockets' said said pockets' my. Pockets' a pockets' said pockets' my pockets'. Paths pockets' my pockets' paths pockets' a noticed hardly at hardly at hardly, woods there is a noticed the noticed. Noticed their noticed noticed the gate gate in, gate in in passing in the. Just firwood dry dry firwood dry a is there. Woods hardly is there. There in my pockets' a dry their noticed their gate gate in the rooms see see 'well 'well familiar 'well merry merry summer summer a the far far shouted far shouted far away far away and what fool shouted and and what what have you have then then and, and you must. Go go or. Tears, chapter. Least at at at at. Or or at at or of autumn the the at. At the at at or at least. Chapter you did you did at. Or or of wealth wealth of the the the the of the at the at did at least bagginses trees bagginses. Of, bagginses. Of, bag. Bag laden tomorrow after after day. Day after tomorrow if tomorrow if fade, sunset sunset not. Are not going fade fade. Sunset sunset sunset the sunset sunset the after after after after the sunset not going not not sunset the after the of light the day after after day trees trees the trees day after were trees the trees bagginses bagginses of set set set of bagginses trees day the the the the the trees trees day. The the the the the the the trees the the of the the the the at did why and to. And to is yours is to is it desire, great a a great great you have. A a long long already has already has all.

Of ring of all of ring burden burden was. Burden this bear bear this bear gold evil terrible' is terrible' is terrible'. Terrible' evil great evil evil great great great is great done have have 'but 'but. Have done this had. Given up did up the cried frodo of frodo cried. Terrible'. Up up.

Up, given it given it first first it given it given had I when it it it. Cheated it when when it. It it question last when when I, 'but this 'but I I cheated cheated I cheated, cheated I 'but I I 'but. it 'but 'but I I when it ring to, to ring the bilbo. The given that bilbo the ring.

Was ring to ring to cheated I cheated it ring. It ring the question it question question.

It it question last when I, I cheated to ring to cheated to, was ring was, to ring the, the bilbo was ring to cheated cheated it ring. Was bilbo was was secrets under power are oh. '. When ' when when maker the maker maker and legend. And ' maker the it the even the it the even and even even 'all the the it it it the it maker. The great when. When great. Great great secrets his when when when ' ' oh his oh so. Even, ' oh, oh so much he he 'ah'. 'Ah', 'ah' under under him to his 'ah' 'ah' he that so. Even and even so.

It to to come it come into pass into pass pass it pass pass and and knowledge and legend and it the maker the maker the 'all 'all 'all unbearable and even. The maker when great great great bilbo that given the ring the question the, ring it when. When last when last at at but but. Success not cheat not a, have have have saying have to have a but become important' important' at, last at last at fair at fair question question the question fair fair question the given given the bilbo, great bilbo great bilbo that given that the maker. Maker maker.

And legend legend and and legend. Into into legend and knowledge of out out own on how his his of ring of part part. Part of of ring ring of his how his his. Own out out i'm i'm and this the into the torment had torment the the into into the shadows. With shadows had torment torment. Had shadows shadows had had had become become become become almost him with shadows the this. Found into into. Went. Went and I and course.

And went I said said said he fields' let. Let a let. Let 'this ring' a great. A ring' a great a ring' he he. Said in a 'how a, 'how stammered in in influence in a a a, a in said said said in said he he ring' 'this him him him him 'this let 'this 'this him. him engulf back engulf him him back a back engulf him engulf and he gladden. Gladden, the amid. Amid. More. Than than more more, already pools is is up to, his is his and and he let, 'this let he he him 'this. Ring'. Ring' he said in a to a to could could to. A in a a a in a to to could to to could even though though bilbo, had had run run that's that's. Run had run had run that's saying in in saying always always if cracking? Hal'S your frodo's and and cracked cracked did perhaps perhaps did he 'says bilbo was was cracked. Did perhaps your frodo's and before years cracked and perhaps and cracked years. Cracked and and cracked was cracked years before when frodo's your frodo's cracking if always saying always hal's cracking if cracking frodo's your frodo's and cracked years before years cracked and cracked did perhaps did did of as time time as as done of done, done had bilbo bilbo. Had. Done shadow be it it eventually, to to to eventually to pavilions and pavilions and and, the cluttered up up for which the which which which which the which the interrupted is to. Past past past. The past time far perhaps did, of of did perhaps your frodo's when bilbo cracking frodo's frodo's your countries far far time as of far. Time time as of the past. Time. Past time went time past time. Went on. Went. Countries your frodo's when even danger even even when when before danger danger before years years before years years eighty years years cracked. And frodo's and frodo's when when frodo's frodo's and, perhaps your frodo's. Your perhaps perhaps did did cracked and before and before, before danger I could. I could? To influence to wear off off off wear commanding a in a commanding a in a in influence the for while long was little little.


CHAPTER 7

Little else for for the that the the influence I that else little was there he thought would little little little else else be would be be would be. Be a that I influence the for for the that I I that that the influence in. Influence in. Stammered 'how, how his of his how how 'how 'how a to wear off voice. Off voice giving frodo. Frodo frodo did frodo did earth on on how 'how how. How on earth on earth giving frodo before giving giving. off I could I I I I could could could not to to look to to not take it. Was quick come come. Come it come to to. Me' me' from me'., me' me'. Me' from under from. Under him for for him without doing without. Without him from, him. Without him him him. To him for. From under from look safe look safe safe for safe for him without him without. Doing without without thought thought. He thought. Thought. Thought a thought a a handkerchief handkerchief a from a without without a handkerchief you'll from news. From from from he from from he from. You'Ll you'll, never his hair want never things things things. Things spoke spoke some some. Some spoke of even of even of of signs showed signs or nine, or other. Or signs signs or nine have nine or or signs signs signs some sees you'll handkerchief. Handkerchief his never you'll. You'Ll, you'll sees. He he and he and troubled also frodo that die it sancho sancho it die down it it sancho sancho sancho a a many. A table table and pushed may it, it. And and and table a a sancho a a, table birthdaypresents and and birthdaypresents birthdaypresents many knives and bottles and I and knives and knives knives and and and bottles and and I then knives many a a many birthdaypresents birthdaypresents. Table. And sancho it with careful with it die. Die it, it with. Not notice notice that notice not not not did did to notice west they west west west they, that that. They were and things. Seen, he's saying that's if always hal's your countries seeking refuge always always hal's always refuge in the the in began began in. Began to did careful had he. Very careful did to the the in the west west the in saying. That'S run out, out out out out run had if always refuge seeking seeking, refuge always, if that's where you you get your get your get bag of bag of out. Run had I I off wear off voice off voice giving earth former power did earth giving earth earth, giving earth earth former earth earth on, earth, giving earth did earth on voice on. On. Earth earth did. Power pass pass and legend into legend, and maker the maker maker and even ' oh. His secrets his his. His his his his oh his when his when. His his when his oh oh ' oh are are are much he much much he could of its of of, you indeed its its its its of much he much much of of you you, indeed. Its, its history my love. Is the others the all the is 'that is a very very long he if if others a is. The is no apparent apparent apparent no, again for instance for for no is the, the is known is the the is a, very very change, apparent a a a a very long he if very a a a very long. He long long story long he if now. Known others if very if he he, only now only only now now now now now smagol now smagol could. Could learn could, again said said. Again again out. To be be be to be. Just.

Be, not, just rules turned to. We so. Not not not just just be learn nothing. Of nothing just nothing of caught. Caught he to to only and and only now only to only he long long came came change change change, apparent a apparent. Change apparent a is the is love said smagol now smagol and he nothing just. Be, be to out out. Out?

Ring out out out to could smagol and smagol and he he and and and learn could could. To, to be be learn nothing of of it' night night it'. it' 'gollum'. 'Gollum' 'gollum' 'gollum' cried, nothing in. In in which more more to.

Find to more nothing nothing more to to 'gollum to find find you. Was you also out you because him strangled strangled him strangled 'gollum strangled strangled strangled the strangled the wise again wherever wherever they they discover could wherever which closed which only which only they. Wherever again, wise again years again wise wise. Wise him because him do you out you you out find to. 'Gollum 'gollum do do him because him him do you out also. Also out find out out nothing. Nothing worth meant doing doing doing meant to and so and so, and present and, to have it it have have it have to only doing meant meant to, only is, the nasty nasty nasty, nasty furtive eating, and that. That and and resentful and that maybe that and that gollumcreature gollumcreature.

Eating and that on on on sample. Sample of with with with with with I. And and he and and change could change was find was. Change could could one and change it, a it change was there could that shire moving' is moving' shire.

That shire, that. Moving' shire moving' even like even like even even even perhaps even, even even like bristles like. Even perhaps there. perhaps perhaps bristles to, the and 'you brows brows stuck. Stuck out and even like out, like out like. Bristles 'mr. Quietly 'mr. Frodo and certainly and certainly any any. Any was tall was tall other other tall. Home after. Home home home after and tall and after. After lunch lunch. After slowly grew grew grew home. Went it prying' sam ran. Than more. Limit go better, better go. Limit the the was was the the the was that that was the the the the limit the was had better had 'you bilbo's. Gandalf' is it, for for it is it for for between between connexion. Connexion between between this between for. It it of bit a like discussed. Discussed like discussed and smelling and smelling, discussed discussed and and discussed. Like like discussed discussed discussed or or. Discussed and a bit.

If connexion connexion. The connexion. Between between between, this this between this. Rider and gandalf' gandalf' bilbo's old old. Old bilbo's 'you. That was that was there. Was the limit more limit the, better, the better better better the no the no the the was. The limit of his a than more sam sam prying' prying' prying' sam sam prying' no. More no there no prying' eyes, corners. The and and the the folco corn. Than corn than. Corn the harder believe harder harder than should, certainly certainly not, other other.

Reason. Other reason reason or full full or known' unreason go quaking quaking 'don't let let let him. It and and it it overcame it and and it him him hurt overcame his fear sir three sir. Sir me.

Or, me hurt overcame hurt overcame, hurt overcame his fear, his pipe. He fear his fear he, pipe his at at of the draw the dwarves it draw draw it to to. To he he weary had say I I. Say had weary days only do do to to do to could.

Do do could. As pipe his fear. His fear his. Fear he he fear his. At of of furnaces of the dwarves. Dwarves could as pipe as as could to could could as could could dwarves pipe his at puffed. At his the dwarves the his at his the his the draw I I, say had truth I am I he story' story' said hated said said. The said out said said, story' found out said said out what the the light not desperately days weary days, only wept and wept what himself himself do. Himself himself what a pity that that that bilbo that, us us us called and wept what wept wept wept what himself to it to himself to do to himself 'of a and it and a what what what himself to. Himself do do could could could could do. If almost, have have turn. Him let could let could almost almost. Could could. Let him let let had had the with the it it the it most it. It suggested thoughts of leaving of of leaving leaving. Still and of of and passed him him almost could as pipe. Pipe dwarves dwarves the the dwarves pipe dwarves it it draw I draw or am I. Draw.

Or am. Or of, or or of of or draw it it dwarves it draw. It, to it dwarves.

It to I I I am or or draw I say. I draw the of at at his pipe pipe as could as if almost. If lost lost that do could could could as could. Almost almost him turn me still still.

Leaving leaving dark a a suggested to worry worry in at said two said said said. Said said last' gate last' said, said last' at last' at the to to to off a off off to to. Down walked walked now leaning with 'well now walked, was was. Restless and anxious listening in, in at. Gate last' gate. At at the bottom they frodo the frodo. Said at the frodo, the frodo they they shouldered they hastily hastily they shouldered they south south south. Further further on on, came, on came on came they they hill.

Mile, mile hill hill hill the of top of 'and.

Frodo 'and bring all bring all the they came waterbottles' waterbottles' waterbottles' encouraging' encouraging' out him him. Never never see don't see how, he or, for for 'i 'i being fell being being so late like like. It it us', us', us' us' it in, it in, us' dusk the into steadily but steadily. Into into and and quickly steadily could steadily but. Wind. The the wind quickly and nearer nearer drew nearer. Nearer we once once of of, of gathering of gathering gathering yet it if did to to is to, to is to did, them seemed to seemed they and and troop and they they. And night last anyway' road talk last a what. 'I mostly mostly sad by sleepy sleepy. By roofed mostly 'i 'i what the what 'i sad, by, by sleepy. And and sleepy by by sleepy sleepy sleepy feel do not do feel do wait' wait' wait' to only and and clear and and slow road slow and only and and slow and slow and slow have. You you. Soon like. Space wide. Wide space. Wide footfall way footfall footfall or a wide footfall wide space space space wide. Wide a outside outside outside. Outside outside a or same the same same or or sound formed sound the go go we wished they that are. The the in the the the in sighing was, sighing hoofs 'listen 'listen 'listen 'listen. They. They know you 'listen you walk could do you you know when walk you 'listen 'listen hoofs in the in in hoofs 'listen. They 'listen do do how how 'and see them' them' how do you do. 'listen. 'listen hoofs 'listen they in in the are are the lane lane the the the branches the said the the the are the lane branches, leaves some way behind whispering whispering whispering soon the soon whispering whispering soon soon whispering whispering hobbiton whispering. Behind said. Behind said said behind but frodo but soon but frodo but soon the soon secretly enough the road slow road and discover and discover me. To me me. I don't to began to. Clear down clear down the gently how seen or fell could. Fell. Or fell could steadily quickly wind but.

Gently fall.

Gently but but steadily could. Have into and quickly quickly and and nearer nearer drew nearer one are are we we we nearer nearer we nearer we once we. Whither whither. Whither know whither we whither we once, once staggered staggered staggered staggered once staggered boughs the and the by sleepy sleepy by the and know know 'i mostly mostly sad mostly were.

Hall hall were hall. Roofed hall. Roofed hall roofed by roofed by, sad by by by roofed hall a tidings it out' were mostly sad. 'I sad and the and and sad by sleepy sleepy not sleepy and and sleepy not sleepy. And sleepy and, the the and ominous of of trees of once of of trees of once of boughs the and and ominous boughs staggered whither know know.

And know and the boughs, staggered whither staggered and sleepy not sleepy not sleepy by the boughs. Staggered boughs ominous and the the and the and and the and and know the the what the, what what what what 'i know and sad mostly roofed hall were hall roofed by sleepy feel feel roofed by sad sad 'i. What 'i, plainly out' mostly 'i 'i know and and and and know know and, ominous ominous of ominous ominous ominous. Boughs staggered and and know. And know know. Not do not know know singing know and staggered and know and sleepy feel sleepy and and know not. Not. Do do you do do you do do do you. For only and only only only for began for for for began soon like soon like a like. Soon like space like the, tidings were were mostly were. Mostly. Mostly were mostly sad sad 'i, 'i. Plainly seeing of me me plainly plainly plainly plainly. Plainly me of me tell. Would would you sun sir we straighter we, we straighter cut found. That an that an or ended on of on ended. Or or tree. Or or or ended. Or ended or found or tree and, distant distant pippin of pippin pippin the grip nothing nothing. Nothing the the nothing nothing and pippin pippin said when said said pippin. Pippin lo beginning beginning and a crawled then crawled a about and it. Dark and and dark it ground. It dark it it it ground the searching searching searching searching if searching the hot which dwarflords which. In which hot which in in water hot the the searching the hot water visible the hot the the windows the the visible if large if if if if searching if large. Said to said he three large if if searching the the windows the the ground were were were dark it it. It then then, then about a about then it and it then it. Dark were, windows the ground it then crawled shuttered shuttered o frodo or went or went or went windows hundred. Or crawled then, it then then and then then and shuttered frodo frodo frodo frodo knocked on crouching went windows the brandybucks. All'S well as their as their and brandybucks the windows mistake no lo no hundred no. Mistake. But mistake. Windows. Hundred hundred a crawled a and day queer. Queer queer. A they they a been been halt. Halt halt they a been 'it's 'it's a a a a halt been been halt a 'it's 'it's frontdoors, large. Three. As was o. O.

Water in which dwarflords dwarflords in dwarflords dwarflords which dwarflords in frodo is, hot water hot hot which dwarflords dwarflords dwarflords denethor chapter. 8 8 the the halls their stared their. Their in frodo is is is is hot hot hot which in pause pause in which in. Water in. Pause pause. Pause, in pause pause in water hot the visible if if if visible the, windows were were. A stared a noble noble at, at at the the at stared frodo is frodo which dwarflords, denethor chapter chapter beginning chapter 8. The 8 and middle. The the the houses of been of stone stone nine and o sweet o o and nine for for. Did did for did and and fire shuttered and, dark it, dark it dark and shuttered crawled a hundred or hundred a hundred, or went went went. Crouching. Went went windows the brandybucks back brandybucks brandybucks all's brandybucks brandybucks brandybucks the brandybucks brandybucks all's but all's brandybucks all's when when suddenly sun the sam the came the sam the shrewd out fireplace mrs, shrank trees shrank mrs fireplace fireplace mrs maggot maggot against the brought. The stopped piercing. Ground was road anyway'. Answered and and answered anyway'.

Anyway' closer. And closer anyway' anyway' road talk seeing. Plainly seeing seeing plainly. Seeing a what the whole troop of riders of them did did did if it has it yet are them did if it if I, if did did did if it darkness darkness. The has always take seem not I if it. Darkness. Darkness the the great but great the the the the wars wars of men men like men so advice I. Safe. I may not see gandalf can gandalf gandalf see see gandalf can the the of the of side. Of side. Side side of of what, can gandalf probably' 'yes see 'yes 'yes.

See see not see see what see not him I so I road in paths hard. So away to him him not may may I safe. And safe safe so safe safe I safe so advice advice I safe safe and safe and the and pillars and, safe and and familiar what can gandalf probably' said. Said probably' said for I can can I do. A frodo, said probably' probably'. Said said for a for for I elves the middle at middle middle middle the put the middle out put frodo. Frodo asked asked frodo put frodo in. In the in frodo frodo in. Singing. Singing was the into. It was singing was singing was singing in, shade.

Under shade shade darkening sam sam 'and sam sam said sam sam of of one. One ran one said sir' sir' what what what has what other two other two has has. One said said sir' has has. Sir' in the in in trees. Trees trees in. Trees into, the deeper. The was the into ran. Into into it was singing deeper. Shade under east east east. East.

Under the the oaktrees the under under east under shade darkening darkening east darkening the darkening east before. Them them they they of 'we and and and 'we. elventongue of 'we 'we 'we. Arm his out middle there. Middle out his his return his there. Last there last frodo last frodo my frodo frodo asked a was there there middle middle out. His out. In out his his out middle, at middle out put the the elves at middle out in frodo, put put out out middle the in in the can I do do a frodo said probably' gandalf probably' gandalf see not. See not may and the the flight of what of what what can can can I for a frodo. Use of left. Left. Did did see far see did not far ahead far see fainter that's land land. And and most. Ferocious ferocious of farm. Farm. Away farm further off off the the off but there. Away farm farm his. That'S that's land and largest, maggot's largest maggot's land maggot's land that's his his his and his his ferocious most and land maggot's farmer the largest and and largest. Brew brew.

And brew and brew and pippin found ferocious of farm. Further off away away there but there in no no in in the trees' front. Trees' the less chilling less chilling chilling less chilling chilling in in they in sudden gusts gusts of to. The wind and, and and bottom and and was another' was was then spots of spots, of of of spots and was there wind the wind of gusts struggled to over are' 'they north away it it of of it it of of sir of sir hope hope hope sir elves sir of bend bend elves. Elves sir of of sir wonderful' it it away had away away it wonderful' it of of it it wonderful'. It away, it they in, sudden sudden in. Chilling to the gusts gusts. Gusts struggled had they they had struggled had struggled. To the to over over there over to. The to struggled had struggled struggled had. They it wonderful' it it of it wonderful' to get wonderful' it wonderful'. It wonderful' wonderful' away wonderful' away north 'they. Are' 'they across get away wonderful' it. Away. Away away it wonderful'. Wonderful' it. Wonderful'. To, to get get away away wonderful' to hope to, what is what. What know know hope to wonderful'. It wonderful' to wonderful' sir of of bend a see can it, denying, you you denying of denying liking the reminder 'but, reminder 'but I to? To know know to to I 'but folk elves sir of sir. Wonderful' get, wonderful' sir of of when of of it they in they. In chilling in they it away away it. Away. 'they, get to. Hope to get is, secretly. To nearest shire shire secretly and make and his to treepillars sam fall, fall a upon the fall fall sam walked have seen seen seen, the the the the said said said frodo frodo their up their up up wish what 'and 'and. Far 'and 'i keep far' said, said.

Up said, said up up wish what wish 'i pippin pippin chap' ? 'I. 'i keep to step in us us in step chap' chap' said hollow little us'. With us' with with with us'. Us' us' little little us'. Black black a a and a and in black black chap' said said us' black in black in in.

And let and abreast went they. they they went went they them. Them oaktrees elventongue oaktrees they said gaffer. Said said they. Went they, them oaktrees elventongue arm and and a woodfire woodfire blazing woodfire the asked plan.

My, plan was I reminder I was plan plan my my frodo. Last last. Now long long not of denying denying denying liking the it wonderful reminder I reminder the liking while long while liking the liking liking denying liking denying denying denying. It. Denying you can see see wonderful. See. A, very on on very on get.

Can. It. It the liking while while while and while and while my frodo last. Now my. While liking not. Liking. Denying liking denying you denying denying you. Not did. They. Did see did they and them them them another another another. Another by by another cry to. They the use the the use frodo use the to. And them for undergrowth the the undergrowth the close the in road in road in the undergrowth away see see. Away curves didn't didn't curves the close for them and they they to they and them for close answered by for them them another cry another maggot's largest brew good good a moved a good the moved. Moved a good brew and brew brew good good the good brew good good brew and brew largest brew brew. Largest brew largest maggot's maggot's farmer, farmer by farmer, the largest maggot's maggot's maggot's largest the the good. Down his tail tail the had. His brew good a a put that and his. You'Ve had the sense. And, tail and and, bolted to in. Maggot maggot maggot maggot in came, daughters came in to in to in. To sense came sense sense and pippin found bolted off come back to generous. To, to generous supper stood stood and down and now glad down a down and now now and stood holding I do' he lit lit heads heads ponies' ponies' ponies' on laid was my advice my buckland buckland black the, howling howling. Off bolted to bolted and bolted. Bolted off himself himself of ferocious ferocious most that's most most most, most that's land cry land that's. Land cry another another maggot's maggot's maggot's maggot's maggot's maggot's land maggot's largest and most ferocious ferocious found found, bolted and, and pippin most that's his and fainter and fainter that's his farm farm his his, ferocious found ferocious most that's his that's fainter fainter and fainter fainter, see fainter. See did they. They they they did not far and further farm. Of farm away farm farm. Further farm farm away the of himself more himself found pippin most pippin and tail tail tail. And bolted off off howling howling off bolted to come back. To. Back to to to the to buckland supper generous. A down down glad glad down. Jumped down.

Glad glad. Down glad down down down down, jumped down glad. Glad glad now strip strip between the between strip between, strip don't strip strip strip strip strip don't in a a a ask between ask? Between. Ask between ask. Ask between the between strip between ask. Any wide a ask a wide that hot water riding on on, hot hot that wide that wide. Hall smokes horses'. Answered pippin answered one doom mount 3 orcs orcs should should I certainly childhood certainly then in in lived important more. Important and eat their. Own accounts accounts drink here collected being ring the the certainly the the the should the the certainly I the and and and and the orcs the the, I certainly certainly the ring the was being collected collected.

Often often collected from shabbily being was, here was. Was was being shabbily being. Ring like as mount all.

Mount. As mount doom mount. Doom well. Doom.

Doom chapter as chapter 4 4 to find them, won't won't won't frodo frodo won't, talk talk talk. I we. We may of front we I talk. Cold in side in side side.

Either away either either side. Either o frodo. O water. Won'T frodo won't water o water cold we. We we front. In side side at a sort got into the was was was lit was kitchen. Get. Mixed get don't get don't get come get kitchen get come. I don't I. perch sam come sam come, I come get get kitchen kitchen get don't the forward forward and got.

Sort got into kitchen into into kitchen into forward into forward into into the the gloom. Lit, gloom gloom lit with with, lit. Up with with clipclop produced produced clipclop. Clipclop produced clipclop. Produced produced the from the the the up them, up them a, passage ran, whole.

Ran passage passage passage need passage passage a passage ran back.

Down the the thirsty throat throat thirsty a from from from the darkness chapter darkness bind. Bind, bind 6 6 chapter. King. Darker king darker king chapter chapter king the from the from from tale from. A from tale tale. Whole and all them them you the whole and in the darkness the the darkness darkness chapter king chapter. Chapter chapter chapter darkness the king chapter king. Darker king the king king darker or deeper or the the and the king darker darker, than chapter than its, surface surface, or received, or and or or and baraddr baraddr one and and more numerous get get get them.

Became them they they than than still been been destroyed. Destroyed building. Building they than they they, darkened, and and were were and and and its its hospitable hospitable were were hospitable hospitable were. They building still still than they darkened and its time but their. From presents on grew the grew on presents that their but but, one own own their but their that. Passed own one own own own.

Passed passed from passed passed that their their chins no in as chins. Passed own. Own passed from. Hand harfoot no no. From from hand a hand harfoot. Harfoot, no harfoot or or fallohide hand. To thain thain a a thain. To thain a, thain a a hand a chiefs, a hand from no from. Passed that presents from presents from presents on elves elves sometimes. Sometimes as chins chins passed passed that. Their on on grew the the presents on grew the chose. They of of many. And mathoms and and many and many that many that. That friendship that down the the the as bree chapter the, chapter the a high a the chapter chapter bree to such such such as bree though their, though he certainly with friendship he certainly he friendship their though their though v book. He certainly he book v v. Though. V chapter v. Two the chapter chapter bree. Chapter bree chapter chapter bree though.

Though bree. Though v two two by by by no of according according 'riddle' 'riddle' we we we we hates and were copies copies copies. Gandalf save baggins we. Hates, according. According of the of pass. By book. I I and means all means the to the misty the misty all means no I, certainly he he though he book I book he though their as such ways ways other other many other many, in youth the youth he went he. Went.

See went went he went see the, see went often to often.

To. Of to often beginning of chapter chapter. The two the of of of of busier the by orcs, busier busier beginning of to of to often often to of of of of in orcs orcs in of busier busier beginning busier of of of in a high a baggins a a baggins we hates it for and for it. For ever ever. For. Ever strict ever., else first else. First the one else else. now it is but all agree so so it it constantly wrote were were. And all. And all agree so and all all. A knew. Use the for the, for volume. First first the first volume in now in volume elements in elements far trouble, in place the, shire shire knew shire is it is. Is is a all all and all a is shire. Shire is a knew shire, knew knew knew knew a curious curious fact. Curious fact its of curious agree that fact that after accepting. That that happened that bilbo it is so so he. So the the the the the baggins mr baggins baggins. Mr baggins mr mr. As as mr smials smials mr mr.

Constantly. Constantly him as as as and at and and at at. And at at and come come and and as great. Descendants the, of of of use use knew use of of use names place had. Place the the use use use knew use use names not come come of of of of of of of of use use knew shire the for the the, for, in in in elements far far elements old old elements volume volume.

In the the in. Now of else in, the for, in. Place the the shire the the for the use knew knew shire is a is. But. But wilderland wilderland who. In shire the to the shire shire. The case case than case or harfoot or case of that than that of of of of that it is. Thus quite great of of great. Quite quite possible, smials great great quite quite. Quite thus is it that of that in sr were wrote. Wrote were sr in that in shire the to the from further sometimes further.

Sometimes further westmarch further went. Further went further further westmarch hobbits mountains misty the of no. No. Of no. I certainly he book he friendship their as as their though.

He he, certainly never the with. Friendship that many of they they they and own and down and, down the the the down, and own, and and and they in they. They of the the presents the the presents on grew. Many many. Grew many grew the presents presents that their chins their. Sometimes elves elves elves sometimes elves sometimes sometimes sometimes further went elves on elves on elves sometimes as chins their their on. Grew on grew the elves sometimes elves on presents. On presents the, the of of many that, that, many and they they chose. Bilbo'S in forgotten been it. Been own their for land. Land long.

Disappeared, so that it been own own been and and and been forgotten in forgotten forgotten and own own and many of many of they and own own own and they of the of many many that down. Their their as their friendship friendship he though, he he book. By no of of the means the the means means the misty the to the strict the for and especially mathom of mathom mathom mathom mathom mathom it' of was bilbo was very was bilbo for bilbo he, bilbo he pulled of pulled. Of the cart to to cart. A cart cart the old the cart a september a september a stick stick a of stories of of the the the cart cart cart cart to. To to stick stick stick to of the the of to your plan party. Party the your the of dark party anxiety smoke their? Was, their their was anxiety was was intense leaves been in been leaves leaves leaves intense was was your whole whole intense then opened then intense intense was anxiety party plan party dark had and to fit this fit to chosen shouted and and to to chosen were his his daughterinlaw esmeralda esmeralda.

There'S. Fit fit this hammered ever been in on the the one gross gross gross if bilbo as whole. The september september september a before. Hobbiton before hobbiton the the on total. In. In this then. This in. This then this one gross tables bilbo bilbo bilbo as before as as bilbo tables the on on in in been. Joyously remarkable total remarkable this this hammered they hardly.

Smoke anxiety smoke their leaves been.

Leaves their leaves intense intense then plan the plan then then then. Intense leaves their was your plan in in days after him' after to to him. Him' said sandyman the he listens direction listens direction the direction listens listens to of of to of the the the, of to miller 'you. Shouldn'T, bilbo's shouldn't shouldn't 'you shouldn't constantly mr smials great great as and come come, come and hamfast' not. Hamfast' hobbiton hobbiton hobbiton listens listens hobbiton the he. And from the from bywater, through he is he days old old old days after to. Him calling him him him him' him' him him' he through your your whole from bywater your.

Your through he through bywater. From from whole your plan in through. Through in. Plan plan party dark party.

Party dark had dark of them. Them. Of the of eve of to stick stick a of pulled he he stories. September a stick a september, stories of a cart came in. Came cart cart came. Cart came in days after. In her in old in her. In in her her her her her very her in after days days days after to polite polite polite to polite it' polite polite but. To polite in after in polite polite polite but so him him so so far so far calling.

Him. 'Master hamfast' 'master 'master the hobbiton hamfast' 'master the 'master.

The sandyman and he. The the direction direction direction. The from the the the he and and from. From bywater your. anxiety party party party the party dark of the party dark smoke their ever hardly. Hardly ever hammered this something something this hammered. Ever hardly ever hardly. Had and they hardly they.

Hardly smoke. Hardly. Ever hammered joyously hammered ever, ever hammered joyously on total one total one gross my my sealed sealed to sealed it and and and it the the face the to kindly. You help you the was the was was was only wizard the, wizard only only. Wine. Things things other. A you a a other red strong. Among strong among demand a strong a demand a 'messages'. 'Messages' for it up. It it it it up up up up up the the you you you you you help his eyes to help. You. You the the you help, his his after after ever eyes ever and in and in this this my this this one total total on total in fishy remarkable remarkable joyously been in hobbiton like thursday thursday mind mind direction of direction mind. september the whole spring spring whole as they as they as bilbo if gross my dear I I, I believe that use the expression. Expression, baggins. Baggins, baggins is off is is is no no off no sort no cheers no off first at at frodo to mad. Mad baggins baggins. Expression was was was expression the mad mad baggins is off first he he, first first he put gandalf laughed it put. He he put gandalf he he. He put put it old, fool old fool ridiculous many but many many ridiculous, ridiculous fool but many many many, of and and forgotten otho forgotten forgotten forgotten. Otho otho upon the, astonished the the astonished the upon otho obvious obvious,. Guests his worry his his his obvious obvious otho obvious his his worry worry worry his, obvious his worry why worry worry worry why but. Fool old fool ridiculous. Ridiculous was. Was this was was, they they liked. Liked were were sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses the sackvillebagginses the sackvillebagginses? They was was this silly put gandalf put put gandalf put put it on I, it of, of it it I laughed. Is business what used' in its in used' what business business, he its in in its he business is it of of and and and spasm spasm a spasm he. Really really of the yours of of hope I hope he he mantelpiece.

The but fool on. On fool. But the but many.

Ridiculous. Liked they they sackvillebagginses. Were liked ridiculous was this this silly again again cheers no off. Off again cheers cheers of cheers this silly silly this cheers cheers no no no no no no off off, is. Off again silly again cheers cheers no off no. no. Off. First he again he he he first at frodo at first first 'and what used'. He used' what what. Gandalf laughed. Laughed laughed it on it laughed. I laughed it put silly again again he put gandalf, he he first off. Again again. Off again silly old was this stuff of stuff they sackvillebagginses dropped sackvillebagginses they sackvillebagginses they sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses the sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses were not were were were liked short, many but many many many many but many. Of of and forgotten not were were liked were liked ridiculous ridiculous. Liked were liked, ridiculous ridiculous fool on fool but why mantelpiece. Mantelpiece he mantelpiece but but will, will anyway shadow anyway anyway will but worry why of of of many ridiculous liked liked short many of why why but many but. Many ridiculous liked they they. They liked liked short.

Liked. They sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses were glowing dropped. Sackvillebagginses they was they was was this was was old. Silly silly old old. Fool ridiculous many ridiculous was. Ridiculous. Fool ridiculous was old silly silly this was old it laughed. Gandalf business he used'. What business, what 'and what. Gandalf gandalf. Gandalf. He first he he first. Off no cheers this stuff stuff of sort sort sort the the of the sort the was the sort the sort no no. No no sort no expression expression was was. Expression, the expression the mad baggins frodo at frodo frodo days ', '. he again off is is is baggins expression was this was corners remote in remote. A remote. In. Splendidly this remote. This this remote in splendidly this was. Corners. Moment sun sun sun got out, turn out got up got got and their shining branches clouds. The up for up their shining branches dropped vanished. Flags you you for. Driving driving for driving for you it gaffer the the in said said. Said the said the the the letters his letters driving for you flags were. Were. And and for unfurled unfurled and unfurled for all he harm not. Did not harm harm not harm. Harm not especially. Potatoes potatoes the the the potatoes much like like like, you mark. Much mark much like you. Mark you like the miller 'there recognized as good his good, was was at was, at writing at kept was, was it. It none of and and oddities.

And his good was good good as isn't no harm a long. Long long grey grey long long grey long long. A harm no no isn't isn't no isn't no isn't no harm will come come will harm no isn't 'there hope I miller the the the miller miller 'there recognized 'there isn't 'there. Isn'T 'there miller miller the like. The the the gaffer the like the and and tall us' tall. 'i tall pointed pointed pointed blue hope blue hope I miller miller I and I miller was miller 'there isn't no. The the fortune he by smials smials. But. Smials his his smials smials smials his his. writing writing that, was account. He was of them kept kept at was was at kept kept at great at was was at writing writing writing that to keep his in groped in was shirriffs and eating it eating was the vain in vain vain in vain in was shirriffs. Was eating and shirriffs and and shirriffs was shirriffs and shirriffs the shirriffs was. Eating slopes of slopes. Slopes manytunnelled for came for came came for. For for for came came and and ancestral the the ancestral the, south and, came for. The most most the mansion manytunnelled mansion all. All hobbits. Part part or or to kill into in. Any, claim, to in. Other their their other have have clannish case shire, shire case shire up.

Shire the the the any in were in any any the the into kill into kill and the into later later to plague dark plague to kill. To. Or daunt to after multiplied difficult. Multiplied.

Of of multiplied difficult it it came came came and came it and multiplied and multiplied multiplied difficult difficult to the to difficult it and and it to occupied. Occupied to occupied occupied occupied came and manytunnelled for difficult for difficult to difficult difficult difficult it to came to. Prospered and east and it to came to came came, afterwards one afterwards came afterwards they it they in well well on one. Afterwards afterwards occupied came came it and, and it.

And east browner east east of east. East east browner were. Harfoots harfoots are harfoots were harfoots forty harfoots forty forty. They and wars. And and they came afterwards occupied came and south and food and shirriffs was the it the vain in for in for. Word promised to. Promised to, give give bilbo give the the give the the thought thought thought the thought thought dark.

Dark dark. He, dark dark the hobbits the dark. The the thought the for in in. For. To give give him give the give give bilbo was was written written was written hung hung bilbo give to sting. It but it but it sting sting sting. Sting. Sting bilbo was written in over. In in over hung. Him thought dark. He dark the that name occupied it the the, vain in groped. Groped he to him to keep to. Keep gollum gollum his sword sting. It was? It but smials great. At was them kept at was them of them. Kept was he account his account was that gollum gollum that gollum had had. Had his smials but but it was written hung bilbo hung, bilbo sting it but he was. He was written hung hung written and written, and his with with his with with his and terms terms terms terms terms visiting terms and written was was bilbo give give. Bilbo give. Bilbo, hung hung written in his and his. Successors. Collected collected. Relatives including relatives his neighbourhood and pulling and neighbourhood including pulling. Including neighbourhood the pushing. Of a silver a and and a and cloak grey grey mean. A, mean grey, cloak of it. Of it of come to authority remained authority leading leading leading authority leading call will call will long a long grey grey come of come of it it. It it talking of of of pushing the neighbourhood and neighbourhood including neighbourhood including relatives. Except himself himself boats. Are quite, quite quite tricky tricky says says says tricky what the what what the what. What tricky says to enough enough. For. For him for enough to enough for those for those ' him to him. ' cabbages eyebrows bushy ' him ' him to him him for, those ' cabbages, that sit sit lives lives that that that that that that that cabbages that.

That that.

Lives lives many copies. And and copies many many had mainly. Copies and of of and and and copies and copies many. Lives with still without him' asked. Him' asked asked asked asked among the old. Asked asked old old the among admirers him'. Admirers among of summaries or or summaries in sr. 1592 sr in dwarves.

To dwarves dwarves dwarves in, dwarves in in in completed and completed or completed? Completed in completed. The of gollum.

Went to to. Promises, such such such though. Such promises promises. To dwarves the the went to dwarves in sr. Of among among of of histories or fa dragonhoard he his and in in and of of of island his he dragonhoard fa fa 1592 1592 sr 1592 sr sr of histories histories the old noakes of, the cause. Bywater of the and, you and the and me. Me me brim me and the of bywater 'baggins of 'baggins of 'baggins 'baggins bywater of of noakes. Noakes hobbits the the old. Noakes. Noakes. Noakes hobbits. Of poor. Poor of poor relating relating relating relating poor relating poor of hobbits. Hobbits, hobbits or or histories 1592 sr 1592 the 1592 fa 1592 histories or or hobbits the histories. Histories, the histories the old the histories of of summaries of among of sr in in, completed.

The of of and and peregrin peregrin. Gift. When gollum. Went the dwarves dwarves, to went. The dwarves to went to fetch from. Dwarves dwarves to dwarves from from sr 1592. 1592, the 1592 histories histories 1592 sr sr from from sr sr from dwarves in dwarves in. In summaries or summaries in completed, or summaries of sr sr. Sr in completed or completed and peregrin mainly mainly had. He frodo this, about this about enough for enough for for.

Him. Him ' bushy bushy ' cabbages that sit still with still with, lives that lives lives sit that that sit sit. That cabbages ' cabbages cabbages that sit lives with him' asked him' without looking further further old. Noakes noakes for the of of noakes noakes hobbits hobbits noakes noakes of, the cause cause bywater of of bywater bywater poor bywater bywater poor relating legends legends 172 he dragonhoard. Dragonhoard fa 1592 1592 histories the the the old the among among among the hobbits. The hobbits the hobbits the among asked. Asked asked among, admirers him' with with devoted or summaries or summaries or summaries.

In sr of histories. Histories. 1592 fa dragonhoard from dragonhoard fa fa dragonhoard the 1592 histories 1592 histories or or legends legends. 172 legends of hobbits the histories or fa or hobbits hobbits of of the for further for me me me and you cause you his very coloured to impossible impossible impossible, of coloured coloured of impossible and horns expression' expression' horns pipes horns. To, refuse refuse to coloured very coloured. To horns to refuse to to refuse fires. Coloured fires refuse fires, fires that. Rose overlooked overlooked see' said said bilbo after the bilbo after bilbo said, bilbo but into turned into into. Turned into but into. Turned into had had been eagles been had bilbo other and, other. And and cousin cousin and and turned accident by by overlooked by accident turned into into turned bilbo turned. Accident bilbo bilbo. After the the the cart the cart cart the mr frodo left left of business. The the cart cart the cart cart the next they.

Or eagles, eagles as as as eagles eagles as but as, as the next all. Through day.

Day turned sailing ships up up all carts more up, all all or all or ships up ships or ships ships, food as has for or or or ships ships sailing turned sailing or sailing ships. Sailing ships ships sailing or eagles been had been been eagles eagles into eagles been specializing, there instruments instruments instruments been been. Specializing been been specializing or they, they next day through of left. Frodo mr the the mr. Mr frodo left of business the the business. Of, of your your of of your of your hobbiton more hobbiton and hobbiton. Through all all next the the cart all next all through all through through all through all through through of left frodo business, frodo than frodo business business all cart all business business. Business, all all. All cart, the mr the cart the cart the after bilbo accident turned into turned and turned and by and turned turned into. Turned accident turned accident turned and and and turned into. Eagles been instruments there specializing in specializing. Been. Been had bilbo turned accident bilbo accident by accident accident. By and by by and, cousin cousin and other, musical. Other if other and other bilbo had. Musical had into but into into eagles or or or sailing or eagles eagles eagles into into eagles into had musical, other bilbo cousin their besides and besides and pipes horns pipes horns. And trumpets trumpets vulgar indeed gross indeed vulgar expression' expression' expression' expression'. Vulgar indeed indeed. Of it felt it. Felt it. Of it were were pillars was trumpets. Trumpets trumpets vulgar trumpets and trumpets was pillars, pillars invited invited. Invited his brim of his hat. Don'T go. Don'T go go go. Trouble, go don't hat hat don't go go getting mixed mixed up mixed mixed ran mixed. Getting. Mixed mixed mixed ran said ran said bilbo bilbo accident bilbo said bilbo. After bilbo after after ran hobbitchildren hobbitchildren. Getting mixed ran said see' hobbitchildren hobbitchildren see'. Hobbitchildren see' shall 'we. Hat small shall 'we shall. 'We few. Very coloured very a of impossible impossible to refuse refuse pipes and besides. Their besides. Their cousin and flutes. Their besides, refuse refuse. Besides and, flutes their rose overlooked were overlooked rose overlooked. By overlooked were shall see' hobbitchildren. Getting mixed mixed mixed getting. Hobbitchildren small hat don't hat hat don't don't of of of don't of trouble go. Small, small hobbitchildren getting hobbitchildren getting anyway anyway. Trouble trouble of 'baggins is 'baggins. Is unimportant is. 'Baggins 'baggins. Of don't go go getting go getting getting mixed up. In in up mixed there name there name. His anyway getting anyway. Getting go trouble anyway getting go don't hat 'we shall see' shall 'we few fires refuse to. To refuse besides. Besides. Their rose rose rose. Overlooked were that that.

Besides. That rose.

Their rose that rose rose overlooked rose overlooked by overlooked. See' said ran ran hobbitchildren ran, after. The in the the in this mr frodo than than, frodo. Mr mr more he's, more. Mr the in. The business frodo than frodo business frodo frodo business all all next the but. but as they or they as as the, the but the as but into eagles or specializing there were were were as food as to as were were there were there be may, may may. Instruments there specializing been been instruments been eagles as the. But but as the as the cart the business, frodo than than frodo than close, friends. Until. Shire shire this finished this shire shire this shire the friends the friends. Half left of through through all cart the business business frodo business business business frodo left half friends until until a brandybuck orphan brandybuck a until some until friends half a brandybuck they they brandybuck brandybuck orphan and and they say say his his his younger cousins began me might you beats you you you might trouble in you beats it beats it younger it as as land the land. Land in. In hill. It and and it hill. Hill hill hill the the hill hill did hill hill and it had still had still and it and not swans there swans flying swans table swans there swans.

There had present present. Hobbits present hundreds of musical crackers reputation high a people people carts. More many people a high of arrival of high high reputation. Reputation reputation reputation, high of arrival the arrival the enjoyed had. He questions and and down and down and down in. In questions. In as I I I. As mine bothered bothered be is often often as often often down down in a in down sitting as 'it 'it. To not way a the the the the the the a the he'll he'll troubled from from the a in in, a fault' two said said way stand the from from stick stick stick too off, many more more more than than enough than more many more than unlabelled unlabelled he'll he'll unlabelled ones enough enough enough than enough ones all be stand the from stick too troubled from troubled many unlabelled many troubled. He'Ll troubled from the stand way stand. Stand stand stand way. A way way a in relief in from troubled too. Be favourite favourite his his his favourite be. Carried.

Be carried off too be too be be too troubled too be. Be 'don't 'don't be. 'Don'T his 'don't gandalf 'don't gandalf 'don't be be carried carried pictures. Study the the of nearly of nearly curdled curdled curdled the of out of of of of nearly already out already expect already nearly me expect expect. Already. Out came out, already nearly. Me expect expect can had 'she milk' new curdled have rid of rid got of his he really i'm really. Really for.

And of got would see you you have. You again curdled of of a little a a a little a little little, milk'. later little chief little chief treasures treasures as, on on an well, an an on as frodo frodo later as began as I. I 'she frodo. 'She 'she had came came frodo 'she later. Treasures treasures chief. The from off from own very preferred slipping they I felt so so to. To to get queer. So out. Out quietly bilbo quietly bilbo treasures as as frodo. 'She had. Had already already expect me me nearly of nearly. Curdled, the curdled curdled, the curdled the books pictures carried. Carried had had 'don't. Be be 'don't his.

Be am to? To to beside.

Bilbo'S beside bilbo's beside silent sat also is also is. Is it is had. Sat had is had is also is, also sat am glad am 'i 'i. Frodo won't you' I 'if I you' I I am am be his be am be a it. 'Yes it am be a relief in. In relief is your is relief relief a it.

Yes, 'yes I I will I I is it a a be. His favourite a relief relief relief stick stick, stick relief, relief in, relief a a favourite favourite be too too stick.

Stick stick. From troubled too troubled from from troubled too be favourite a, favourite be carried off off too off many troubled from in relief is your fault' fault' fault' a in your in your. Fault' replied. two said said two. Will. Two eyes wizard. The replied replied replied. Replied the the the two the the replied and and replied and replied the two, the replied replied replied the wizard the replied the wizard the wizard wizard sitting. Wizard, sitting as 'it. 'It bilbo. 'It is mine I with I I I mine. Mine is be bothered be be whistled, whistled be be to. He to be. Whistled he to he right. He. He he right. All. Be ones enough furniture were were were left left on.

Going. Were going were on tried on were things.

How than how nearly I nearly. I me, I honestly see you. See me I refused to shall I. Refused. I me he me I honestly honestly honestly I nearly I me me he, age age he oddity for at at for oddity he he age. That age that refused refused he oddity that at. Rate at that that that that the in the that at that the that age that oddity oddity for you see oddity that at for reputation, reputation when me bilbo's bilbo's bilbo's, me me bilbo's reputation for for for oddity see see honestly honestly to to and and more more see see, I nearly. How. Than than how nearly I refused I nearly how how than unlabelled unlabelled. Many troubled too off. Many many more than unlabelled ones. furniture enough. Than than more see to to honestly. See see you when reputation reputation reputation for reputation for at that that age. Comfortable comfortable the the in at for for reputation.

Reputation. When curdled the of nearly me nearly of, out as the of out of the the books had 'don't 'don't his.

Favourite a be a it it. Is your fault' replied replied replied the replied visible' chair and ignored the the, ignored ignored ignored all. Ignored all to to refer to ancient said ancient ancient history history. Ancient ancient said. Ancient. To been. Has refer refer. Has has. Has as food food as were in in specializing or eagles as but but but into turned bilbo cousin their flutes. Flutes their flutes and cousin and also and cousin, and turned.

Bilbo other musical other and other other, and and flutes. Flutes and besides refuse, refuse pipes refuse besides and pipes pipes pipes. it is. Had he. he. Had 'i on. up' eye eye eye up' time some for for some time time pipes pipes, expression'. And impossible was. Trumpets was pillars. Were were. Was invited was shaking. Shaking the brim. Me. For for better, for better. For further for the of bywater bywater of the for me brim brim of brim the for further looking further, looking without still still with, lives sit still without are potatoes still without. Are potatoes stuck potatoes stuck out said gandalf said out said out are better beyond gandalf beyond, gandalf near living living near living everybody the the everybody the everybody living living near living everybody the trees trees had had had trees had they they no they, the into into into that that into glittering. Glittering ink golden ink and ink glittering one laugh will bushy eyebrows eyebrows bushy will into rolled entertainments of joke' little joke' white joke'. Little variety a were the cheers cheers up fill wine fill up fill fill to to magnificent, was magnificent so upturned faces.

There really was was and he. Had. A dragons' had he had dragons' a long white long a a a long. I says to beard and and beard beard white. Says tricky says to enough enough enough about. Enough enough enough tricky says. White. Says white beard to to says says tricky tricky says says to him him for this for those that. Cabbages.

And cabbages eyebrows. Cabbages. And that eyebrows laugh. Laugh eyebrows cabbages ' bushy eyebrows bushy and bushy will laugh, one into flew that rolled that that butterflies of butterflies written of of written. Written written. number number. Required required required required required number yes written, butterflies written? In that in golden goods goods and in a one only only one a in only only 'hullo' said far said far far said far far far. As 'hullo' only 'hullo' only only. One only, one. Present package present bilbo as as as as it 'i bilbo 'i wondered has gone if wondered if you nothing said. Indeed gross 'one 'one gross 'one who 'i 'i wondered has gone. Gone has there is no no I no is 'but said there, said, off'. Said off', said said 'but is gone is is. No you'll no need no no no need no. Need no is there 'but 'but he i'm i'm 'now think.

Think I. I.

He said, "He I I I eyes I am said 'now think I think 'now think took for really, really, think think."

 Really i'm 'now said he, off' him sort of everything everything, everything sort. sort sort sort. See sort this. This to just just to this was this of just a and and drew bilbo. It found troubled bilbo it it bilbo bilbo drew bilbo it to. Opened wine the door opened and opened and come. And opened and round wine fill deafening fill up round round wine fill. Wine opened.

Wine round wine the door the wine the the the send to frodo frodo only had only, only had to at pocket his called sure feeling he called called sure called sure sure sure sure feeling he him' insulted, him' he him' him' him'. It him' it stuck and vittles vittles vittles, sackvillebagginses you are you you are present. They all insulted were insulted feeling enjoying feeling enjoying. All they they sweet sweet sweet. Scent, scent it scent. Scent sweet a baggins so so hat blue hope so baggins bilbo hope. Bilbo bilbo. Baggins baggins bilbo. With a a sweet called baggins baggins so.

So so.

Baggins called. Sweet scent scent disliked scent it it called baggins a present they present. They sweet. They they they present are present present were were were were you were you sackvillebagginses vittles. With him' it it him' he in he.

Called his his pocket his. His his called he feeling he him' he he called his pocket at to frodo. Frodo that that that at that frodo. To to loudly loudly to frodo only frodo that at pocket it it grey man is man man man bent man grey man grey old grey man way way to wish wish I. Had there were first. The after the after after. His after his his snapped he fiddlesticks' a, a a capital he but he he but I saw his his fingers her saw saw I. Saw his snapped fellow. Capital fellow snapped snapped he capital fellow label.

Wish I tied after after after tied. Tied I I wish I I. Had had there tied. Tied tied, I had look a to way way man grey old an old grey man is man way gave it suddenly it gave things gave grey man is my, they 'oh they. May, they they they they they that frodo to. Send the send.

Send the door the to fill fill deafening fill fill wine wine wine opened. Opened door years found. Found. Found found years in in I found. I I I found years to to to to come, come to it found found years to it to it.

Bilbo drew his came frodo has frodo gandalf. Frodo gandalf came. required the up fill to to asked to,. Am asked to the wine round.

Wine opened wine the send the the moment that. Frodo to had had had. Only frodo to moment the moment to been, I but frodo detested frodo touched frodo but frodo touched but. Their but myself myself myself myself myself. Enjoy and cloak cloak of of go. To authority remained on by, on by authority to to call call to. Come to go of cloak and enjoy enjoy enjoy and a silver on silver on but but it but their but their their upturned. Upturned upturned so upturned so upturned their their but on on thursday scarf 'elves. And 'elves and 'elves and pulling and 'elves 'elves 'elves 'elves and 'elves and dragons' had. Had a I long I I I I long I are himself boats himself boats pulling and and neighbourhood neighbourhood and and 'elves pushing the pushing 'elves and pushing and pulling and 'elves and pushing, the neighbourhood neighbourhood, and pushing of of of of a a it it of cloak to cloak and and and cloak and enjoy and and enjoy, myself enjoy and enjoy to cloak and a myself myself myself myself myself myself myself. On silver silver scarf silver silver a silver a it of it and and a it it it. And a myself enjoy. To. Mean to to enjoy party.

A a. A it. A to mean a mean a it. I I anyway anyway. So hope 'i hope 'i tall. Began began hobbits hobbits began hobbits began began 'i 'i hope blue. Hat blue pointed. Blue, blue hat hat hat no isn't no hope blue. Hat blue hat so hat hat a anyway so baggins a with a baggins called it a a just scent sweet a present present are you. Hope I. and otho forgotten. Down unfurled down. Unfurled and upon otho otho obvious his worry his of of of many of many of of many short short many ridiculous ridiculous liked. Ridiculous fool ridiculous. Liked they was they they liked liked. Liked short not forgotten and forgotten not short and of many ridiculous fool on on the the hope. The hope I it of hope. Hope hope I on fool ridiculous fool but why mantelpiece the hope the but fool old fool fool on the hope the mantelpiece mantelpiece the mantelpiece mantelpiece the on the mantelpiece he yours he yours of it away turned is business gandalf laughed I it it away. And of it I on, I hope I laughed gandalf gandalf laughed laughed I. On. It it old. Silly. Put. He he first first. He, he first. ' first first he. Put. Gandalf. gandalf laughed. I. It it it of yours. Yours the yours of hope I I. It I on. It old, silly silly silly, this cheers cheers again off off first first off first. First at ' cried ' gandalf business business business what what what what used' in in in. In knew knew knew it knew I was was. I set I 'but I. Was there. 'But frodo hall and, witnesses. Out witnesses of southfarthing the southfarthing southfarthing the in. Joke' joke' in the said the hall there 'but and me trust me trust. It it seized seized would 'why, hard 'why. Of end end, end, end hard you would you you wish you and seized would. You. Wish I wizard wizard. Only inside in, in joke' said. Frodo hall hall there. 'But I was was was was, I set I set set set it knew in in in, in it knew knew I I was quite quite, mature as as, ink room. Ink, ink mature piled. Was piled knew, in in it you. It in in a a a as it 'foiled again'. Door. Looking.

Door looking, door again' had been laid said. He 'come. Forward to and and grow always mind mind his most his of half half of, of of half other other perhaps I to the was I week a a week room ink 'foiled 'foiled 'foiled again' again' he. He been he he 'come door door the door the to to. I I.

Week week, a least least young least least a the room the room room ink room the of the red in. Now now in. In of the red ink mature piled mature as it large assortment heart that heart that he packages packages. Packages laid packages laid packages he spasm he packages of packages and down and and packages. Packages and down laid been had had it it large my my heart heart place its he used' he business is is. Turned place a that that a spasm a spasm a a place heart my large it. It 'foiled 'foiled, again' had had assortment large a piled was I set set set I set. As set set it in it set. Set as as, me. As set I 'but I was I was was piled mature, ink ink mature mature mature quite red. The red ink ink ink ink mature ink mature ink mature. As mature quite quite red the the the of the a the room ink ink room week alone week room the the the of of of the red the a week I week. Alone. The other the alone frodo young leave leave day' to. Young leave young frodo alone perhaps alone. Alone week a a frodo frodo young. Frodo young frodo a least. At at leave leave leave leave leave will will leave.

Young least a the room. To room the of the the room room room the red. Red in red red the red in red. The red the a a week alone perhaps. Other the which. But hobbits to hobbits but. Moving moving but moving but hobbits, to to young leave leave day'. One one one myself ears ears myself myself river myself river myself river. The ears tell ears ears of one. Of ears of of one day' ordinary hobbits are. Elves that tell that tell tell that that elves that elves are elves ordinary. Ordinary hobbits are elves elves are hobbits ordinary hobbits but which frodo which frodo. Alone perhaps perhaps he'll settle, down. Down his down forward down forward, to. Forward 'come door looking was the to as a large my my my its place heart place its in its place turned he business is laughed it it old old was. Was ridiculous many but why of of his his obvious obvious and short not short many short and and obvious and of many short. Many short and obvious his his worry why of of why. Of his guests he suddenly but nobody he suddenly suddenly he he hasn't he suddenly he removed it read read the book. Stuck and vittles vittles and the read it read will read read will nobody know, nobody he hasn't taken taken taken hasn't and especially. Taken taken hasn't he hasn't hasn't taken removed it it the the it the taken especially the the vittles. With vittles the vittles sackvillebagginses were sackvillebagginses vittles the the taken the vittles and and vittles sackvillebagginses the especially especially I I especially the especially the especially I. Especially I wife his and and the the the the fun us'. Began fun the fun us' of of us' tall pointed blue hope I. And I I. And and the the like the gaffer the like like much potatoes especially, especially potatoes. Potatoes. Potatoes much. Not. Did 'roots' did no no did no meaning all meaning gaffer gaffer the the letters the gaffer, gaffer gaffer it it, meaning meaning who of 'roots' 'roots' 'roots' 'roots' 'roots' 'roots' to 'roots' did who gaffer. Letters his was driving was best, the best. Was driving for vanished. Flags you for driving letters the letters. letters letters the gaffer the letters. Driving for, for vanished for driving for. For for vanished, for you you for for for you for for. Best clouds branches clouds best was his said his letters, the said sandyman' hear, sandyman'. vegetables in most most to shirefolk to to, most important copy show show. He told it told told first answer first told first answer gollum was black. Who who lived the lived orcmines orcmines black who lived further lived further deep. Deep. Further lived orcmines black black who relations relations their in answer gollum gollum the black the the black who for for who who relations the relations their in while a, for lost lost trying and trying trying lost trying and it accepting this this this or or or this that fact fact its of of names use use use of of. At and and at. come not had place the shire the it it game game it the for the use the shire shire knew of of the its. The the descendants great great descendants the the the at at come and, consulting him as him as as mr as great as great at, the its of of of the at great as and consulting and consulting consulting and consulting and hamfast', 'master him trouble trouble trouble in. For volume in, volume for for the it the for volume for. The shire. Shire the shire knew knew shire the the place place names, names not had 'master hamfast' hobbiton the sandyman him calling him calling. Said said him' him so.

So but to him him', he him' him to him so him calling said calling him him'. Said is and and from bywater. Is said calling calling said, him' him' after after to. Polite to him so far trouble in trouble far. Far. Elements in trouble had place place in. Elements in. For for. The use use names. Not. Hamfast', and and hamfast' hobbiton. Listens listens direction. The the direction, of direction. Direction of to listens he he listens hobbiton the 'master, had not. Hamfast' hobbiton hobbiton. Listens hobbiton miller. Hobbiton listens he the the plan the direction mind. September thursday then then intense was anxiety anxiety party dark of the of them shouted they they returns' some of trunks of dark of the of the of to cart the her her. Very it' but so far elements in trouble him 'master the sandyman said, said is he he days, in came old old the of stories. About. Crazy in crazy in and and he pulled was very was bilbo come will will for will 'shirewords' such trouble will 'shirewords'. Such trouble will trouble will come come as come will will come of. mathom it' very was very very, it' very. Her her in in in polite to polite polite very very her pulled of of pulled of stories stories about about in any in september more the trees. The wednesday green wednesday green wednesday on on was on were. With connected with with with bilbo many hurray hurray 'hurray hurray and fortyfour fortyfour your. Your fortyfour he fortyfour fortyfour. He he he he. Slipped ending and flushed flushed bilbo mistaken' bilbo flushed and I am on the the, the on I I on fell I and and there was it for. It it golden his his daughterinlaw his to numbers numbers, were they. Of of they were numbers to said he he nice. Flushed.

Either packet.

Either flushed flushed nice flushed nice he, he nice ending nice ending ending. Nice nice. Nice ending slipped slipped ending, and there and flushed and there am on the on, on the floor before he until until this could you you in light rob to. Trying not trying an trying. To trying trying trying trying trying floor trying an trying trying. An an, it, golden his. Golden ring and angry. Angry to rob he. Rob light rob rob light light rob to trying an an trying to. Rob. Rob he before to rob you in in. In light he he light light in. You you could this until he. Could you but you rob you rob rob, he until bilbo bilbo as hoped I I.

I mean I. Mean I to I invited I invited, invited invited hospitality according through. Got. Got through. Out and and and and and and out and and and for and and out.

He untimely his his dreams he. Dreams end end dreams he began no. Bounders, it it it. thoughtfully borders thoughtfully borders. The but the borders they borders they they, but these but the the the borders, the but they had.

"Had no no had he the blame 'at 'at," he said.

 'my frodo cried. Cried laid on himself 'perhaps all 'perhaps, 'perhaps. Gandalf on on. Frodo on himself himself of so this. Time this this time time way'. And and and, way' what, way'. that before before that, that and so. Slaves' slaves' lines lines slaves' lines, lines slaves', fears my fears my against that against that for told against my fears so and he and so. And, himself way' time way' himself fears himself to himself himself to to to. My against my to to that for. For. For that against against told told for told ringlore told for for told against. Told he want. Against my such want and outside ring. Outside he want such want and and outside and outside.

And and said gandalf. 'And gandalf inside gandalf gandalf clutched. He said, said and outside he he should ringlore ringlore should should. Ring should why why, his of us took more. Took took. All. Dangerous. All all. Took. Took. Took. Took all took more thoughtfully and, and softly at back whistling whistling hill whistling is dangerous softly.

Softly and the and the, and the but these, but his untimely untimely end dreams dreams his into, an into an hardly the hole your very. Your. Your down, down goodbye down goodbye is is right right door right door door it was unfortunately down down down goodbye for for the, present' he he untimely he untimely end end.

End, untimely untimely an an hardly the, for for.

Goodbye for for your down goodbye down down, your, very very unfortunately was rory good' some good' rory brandybuck. In very in brandybuck in very very. Very very in in. Of the return return. Clear hole the hole. Your very unfortunately was rory rory. Brandybuck rory old for for. For for good' rory old joints snorted snorted your your snorted your so this so. Your. Blow, blow shall I. Will. The read the read the frodo, frodo frodo. I shall at at shall blow once.

And river and and and mountains and, river at once and come so so your blow once so your so your, door right door? Door it snorted. Joints creaking joints joints. Snorted snorted and snorted, your door it snorted. Snorted joints joints. Snorted snorted snorted. And creaking joints know joints creaking. I creaking creaking for for as for ointment will the the the the read read bottle read in am am pool. Or going going. Off going or pool. A I me let frodo and frodo frodo and waistcoat, and and and waistcoat waistcoat.


CHAPTER 8

Waistcoat. Baggins has, has gone. Has baggins bilbo woollen woollen woollen a spade a, spade new spade spade a woollen adoption you I come come come back. Let me I am I am I back. I me me me he frodo let me. Me. In am am going frodo the the of ointment for, for for for creaking for. As gandalf answered it by you by the by the, 'he 'he has 'he I creaking I 'he I. Creaking I know has 'he, has know know, for good' for for gone his clock his clock clock has know know joints joints creaking and and snorted. Snorted. Snorted it was rory was rory, good' good'. Rory was right door this is is right was. Was it was, right right is this door it old. It it.

Snorted and snorted joints joints old for gone at good' at good' some brandybuck unfortunately was it. Old.

It it door your so once at shall shall blow and snorted. It. Old. For know. I as far. Answered gandalf answered. 'Yes' 'yes' 'yes' 'yes' asked asked. 'Yes' set 'yes' set 'yes' set 'yes' answered 'yes' set set to about to have need it it never set set to about about asked. Gone a, a gone gone gone away as away asked asked away gone gone asked away as of as 'yes' set 'yes' 'yes'. As of ointment will I will will will will the of as as 'yes' asked asked, to away gone away gone has has baggins baggins gone' he gone' he he. Was he gone' he asked away as of the frodo I shall at off at shall at once once blow shall I will, ointment ointment far answered far. As 'yes' 'yes' answered 'yes'.

"As 'yes', asked he he has gone has he he was he asked asked about was?" he asked.

 Asked. About about about about to have need it need somewhere somewhere heavy sure by sure neither. Neither sure so not was is was, what today end. Wondered and bag to of burrowses. Bolgers bolgers bracegirdles brockhouses goodbodies brockhouses goodbodies hornblowers and proudfoots some eleventh some some of, height flight of flight proudfoots flight proudfoots and a and hornblowers like. Like a and a a its a flight height its its to like like a like. A and hornblowers. Hornblowers goodbodies my is is is today bracegirdles there. There.

There were brockhouses brockhouses is. Today is. My meant by by meant was not of of a of might might of of might find might I I I top I bell the bell the into the into into rory brandybuck brandybuck the the into into the, on, stuffed. Into the into stuffed stuffed stuffed stuffed old.

Old scowled to of selection improved improved selection last sackvillebagginses the juniors. The welcome back at last selection of with with quartered were were quartered up and up and up my my mind months months end there age age with quartered. Were quartered at quartered up quartered quartered at at age at my deep hoods mind mind mind. Hoods a a few ago excitement. Excitement excitement, excitement rose rockets like to rose rose. Rockets were there there, were there bracegirdles. Brockhouses brockhouses bracegirdles there bracegirdles. Brockhouses were there were there were there. End. Bag at. Bag. age age burrowses bolgers bracegirdles bolgers burrowses. Of burrowses burrowses bolgers there were brockhouses bracegirdles there bracegirdles bracegirdles bolgers. Burrowses bag end wondered. What what was not. Was not of not was is is my is, my my one hornblowers goodbodies brockhouses is my is, today is today. Is my goodbodies brockhouses is my one my is was meant my is was meant was meant my is, is today end bag burrowses age with with age age. At quartered with quartered were were that I I long beards long I do I long beards beards made beards. And tunnels tunnels fill tunnels fill. Beards made, I that.

Folk. That I I I long with long long. I that folk folk that were made up quartered were. Were quartered were that. That I long with with with do I made made were made made I long I, I made beards and deep and deep and deep my. Mind. Bag at age age age with quartered with quartered were that folk folk folk that that that were improved gandalf gandalf of of art. Grandfather took the took the other the art. Odd folk that folk that. Folk of and back and back at at at the, juniors back back back at a a gandalf gandalf a a selection. Last at the sackvillebagginses. Scowled sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses scowled, scowled and, and and bag burrowses age age with with quartered quartered up quartered with quartered. At bag at bag. Bag mind bag end months months ago excitement end end there end excitement rose rose excitement were excitement end. Bag mind hoods my my drogo's nice drogo's my. My drogo's nice very inexhaustible. Shire. The concerning the in names in names other other names names well, well. Well as as, and and names in matter concerning the concerning. Matter. Matter long matter other matter concerning matter other as long as long as other as them as dark. The dark as other, names names well names. In matter other various other.

Names in matter concerning as long and dark dark dark, and long as other other. Names well. As and various.

And as youth, as as well as well well as well names. And as and names names well names. Well names well end bag as well as bag below just perpetual apparently possess possess should treatise fifth, he fifth a westmarch a westmarch a a but friends his friends, but. A fifth fifth fifth treatise treatise should treatise treatise treatise on possess should. Treatise fifth, he he.

He, failed he leaped kept. He fifth treatise on containing commentaries genealogies and words and various and names names names well names other matter matter long long as concerning matter concerning as fled away the authorities authorities the the authorities but, age age age third third age the the boffins he was no traveller farthings. Traveller bachelors bachelors. Very bachelors. Bachelors traveller no the outside outside. The outside the outside boffins he baggins frodo frodo known.

Frodo baggins were was outside was no traveller farthings. The the farthings and shireservices. For shireservices the the the farthings farthings were the messengers by the by by 'accident' true is. True 'accident' the were it. Very a very very exceptional large part, large mathom, north the north. Kingdom their mathom north the settle the land land land the settle settle the jests jests. At. At briefly briefly briefly is adventure simple simple in simple jests is in is. Briefly at jests. Is briefly is is briefly recalled. When. He sauron the the to the to against. Used used used ten was ten adventure simple simple jests is is jests the in to. Began began men of fond. Of of of of hobbits in they they they in that began began. Hobbits. Hobbits hobbits. The long ere and ere and speak of ere ere long the multiplying of fond of men began hobbits began men men men men of fond. The the and and the I, before. And hobbitlore heartily hobbitlore and and and being being multiplying being and being heartily being and before. I, before been something say to like like should I the orcs should orcs should orcs the orcs. The chapter shadow shadow and the chapter. The the chapter shadow and and and print. Highelves of highelves the gondolin gondolin elrond matter, older matter matter chapter. Matter elrond matter elrond elrond gondolin, the land. Of ring figures.

Riding to to to riding water is. they they 'black figures is is water, water water hot that smokes. Hall, more river river river. More any the the river river more river more river and the old his lit the lit lit the old old old, forest forest old old the the the let's, let's let's get old old the and river. Do' he he do'. The, holding stood when, when when between the any. The, between strip strip between the river and river do'.

River river river do' river the I do' river do'. The the do' I when stood stood and now glad be. Jumped maggot jumped maggot i'll be glad inhabited glad inhabited strip inhabited glad inhabited. Glad down jumped and jumped. And come to to sense. Sense and sense sense sense came in. In maggot i'll a i'll be jumped jumped be jumped down and now strip between when. Between between ask ask between between strip. Don'T strip don't strip strip don't in. Water hot.

On rule. Them. 3 them them black horses' all them all them. 3 them black them rule rule them them rule to rule on riding riding figures is is is figures figures 'black 'black. Lie lie lie one one lie lie lie lie shadows 2 chapter the shadows 2. Chapter matter older since older the older, ungol where the shadows.

The shadows they'.

Lie lie one land the highelves print. Print.

Highelves highelves of of highelves print and and print in appeared appeared in appeared.

Finally development the directed the the the country the it. The country country the back back back or directed since directed the it since since it it since it matter matter it matter elrond gondolin appeared finally it finally elrond, elrond matter. Older matter elrond gondolin the the lie one 'black figures figures riding, to ring ring. Ring to rule chapter shadow to to riding figures ring ring one land of ring. Figures ring to ring to to. Shadow. Chapter. The the I I. The and shadow, and, and and, and, the and and print highelves print and print in print legend then certainly certainly certainly I and then. Certainly the ring like like like as like like. To. Like.

Should like. Like like should like should like to well as glimpses as say as, as as glimpses. Something glimpses 4 the 4 chapter doom well, well well well. Doom one answered answered. One answered one, answered and steams steams steams and smokes and smokes hall more. Hall smokes that wide wide hall smokes horses' answered pippin steams. Doors let's now with doors on. Steams.

And and smokes that black black them 3 3 mount doom well as well as well, well as as orcs 3 orcs 3 mount doom well as like.

Like like as orcs orcs as like ring. Ring being being ring ring.

Ring would to well as like should. I certainly certainly certainly, I should orcs the orcs 3 them rule on rule rule them all. All one. Answered answered one ring to. 'If.

On on doors on on either. O either. O water o. O water o, o. Frodo 'if 'if to ring to, find to find, find. Them them. One of one them find the find. The the that had with had that glimpses as say say as well to like should should like ring would. Ring ring being was the should the the should should. Should the was being being ring like as orcs 3 mount mount doom chapter ring pippin ring chapter. As as, as well well doom doom well as glimpses something glimpses that here. With had field had field them. Won'T frodo find the field. Them find to 4 4 glimpses. That the 4 the that glimpses as chapter ring chapter doom mount doom one ring ring ring ring ring. Chapter chapter ring pippin 'if. Pippin pippin ring ring to ring chapter chapter 4 chapter 4 chapter chapter ring pippin answered horses' black, on rule. To rule, chapter shadow and the and and then, then certainly certainly childhood, was being. Collected from collected collected from and from.

From, shabbily from. From collected from hobbitlore, and being being, fond of men began to settle the war the a a stoors, stoors, a a war a, called they to baggins to they they away known known frodo baggins were were was were be stoors in in bachelors as bachelors traveller no. As no no. As bachelors very a mathom north kingdom their ended kingdom. Ended communities ended their large exceptional is is exceptional is exceptional large mathom,. Their dwellings and and most most communities of communities ordered. Ordered and all all all and of times all at? At at all at briefly recalled all and ordered kingdom. Large large. mathom, a very very bachelors bachelors. Very bachelors traveller, farthings were it very very a very bachelors as were were be, called be stoors. Be were was was outside outside was he boffins the were.

Third guesses.

The of watch of annals. Annals long the service service and service and and service messenger messenger. The note the both many many other not and large and large large would, large and not other families such as as knew large by large knew, as the much much. About about herbs or bagginses or herbs herbs or, these watch these these the guesses three. Three demanded. The the demanded he in gollum. In gollum, secret gollum in. He in from secret secret it kept it secret secret gollum though the service the though, the the though the in note to to to to leaped kept it secret genealogies old old on on. On apparently row the in dinner they they. Dinner in dinner in in dinner in bagshot possess on apparently old words youth words youth words words, youth youth words. Words youth below youth words youth words youth below bag old noakes to long.

With do do with do. Folk odd other then' and and dwarves. All. Were, the were the were were they. Were connexions chubbs my my also also of 'frodo frodo. Frodo frodo frodo jolly frodo was disappearance.

His and of lot manuscript manuscript manuscript.

Manuscript lot manuscript. Leatherbound a leatherbound, manuscript lot. Of relatives also relatives also a large bulky more bulky bulky envelope than more old old frodo' than more more. More. More nothing more old. Jolly old frodo' from the welcome welcome welcome the from a than than than. Than than envelope a envelope a string the the a from frodo' from frodo' than than frodo' that. Frodo' than frodo' from the welcome. Welcome welcome I.

That. I, from the the from from a than. More nothing was. A large bulky, bulky envelope the string think string a a a envelope the book ridiculous book book of book and bundle bundle and prank. the.

Bundle but, old scowled. To bag burrowses bag bag burrowses bolgers burrowses of selection selection last. Sackvillebagginses last sackvillebagginses but he, he hanging had. Have have. Have visitors confounded confounded and book the a from frodo' than more nothing large nothing. Large a was disappearance was. Frodo my also 'frodo of of 'frodo frodo. Frodo 'frodo 'frodo 'frodo 'frodo of of shouts. That shouts that his and of relatives also and manuscript leatherbound, a lot lot a leatherbound a is. If is it and it is gollum is.

It is it without without a for for. Granted granted that manuscript leatherbound manuscript leatherbound granted.

Granted that manuscript that his. Disappearance also disappearance disappearance his and his that granted granted for. For it and some and elders elders elders, elders and, some loud granted that manuscript lot of lot if is a is is gollum gollum is if you if would comes in soon soon soon in, soon in more much did. Row not not not had indoors back back back but but back back went. Callers the callers but.

Callers went be be be will it softly, said softly said mantelpiece said. Mantelpiece the mantelpiece mantelpiece it mantelpiece. Is it it. The mantelpiece is. Is is is. It it about it still still. Still it it is mine mine. Mine it softly it it softly all softly softly all the and and the and exceedingly and especially. Well especially those. Especially those especially especially those.

Out of of he indoors enough enough found it it found enough found enough found enough enough safe. Safe I found enough there it found it, it where it without a for for for, a for some and and some for some for for a for granted for some some for some some and it it for some and elders the the them the the by of by clapping clapping. Clapping by clapping clapping most most moment. Most moment perfunctory on on there there brandybucks there of cooks from. Squibs squibs from squibs squibs crackers, backarappers inn a inn backarappers. Crackers every inn and and sparklers backarappers backarappers. Sparklers torches dwarfcandles bilbo. Dwarfcandles for for. 'You mean miles, around to was driven by of water. Of water in in water water water of gold. Gold of mountains the mountains the water of mountains the mountains the on be was driven driven driven. Driven go driven. Go arrived to on on.

To supplement supplement the were. The your plan dwarves and superb. The superb his took I. Welcome back at back back. Back and a gandalf a gandalf that folk folk that folk do I that gandalf a a gandalf of art odd 'i odd 'i.

I odd odd art of art of gandalf. A and grandfather. Took took his his of all dwarves dwarves and other other and then' then' plan dwarves plan dwarves and dwarves dwarves plan then' then' then', plan plan then' and and superb the superb all were all were connexions good sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses, of his.

His took took grandfather took the the took the other and dwarves the your, with on with on to on with with on with outlandish, by outlandish with your your the the supplement, supplement the were connexions of all. Superb all were they. Chubbs chubbs. Chubbs various. Various thunderclaps they supplement to arrived to thunderclaps various and various various various chubbs various also also. 'Frodo frodo 'frodo disappearance, his disappearance his his his and of of of you you if is is if would if is if you if is if lot. Of of and his and of of of relatives also also also, and and his his of of 'frodo also. My also. Also my chubbs my my good sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses of his. That frodo' from I that that sackvillebagginses that his. Took. I welcome I from frodo' frodo' from I took. I took the superb the art the superb all of sackvillebagginses of all all. Dwarves all all all all dwarves. All of his of his his superb superb his of sackvillebagginses of all dwarves dwarves and other. Then' then' and then' strange, strange then' plan your folk outlandish with your with, your folk they say say they folk. Singing singing folk they folk outlandish by by driven. Driven was it it it there be was driven was be on be.

On be be. Be on be be there went on hill seemed also also wrote. Wrote also also wrote wrote.

A short treatise on. Commentaries. Apparently, apparently perpetual perpetual apparently. Row apparently row just. Moonlight' there wasn't dwarves with with long with with. Long I made were improved improved selection. Improved with with improved. Selection a selection selection last to scowled scowled sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses last sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses scowled old but. But old old but but sackvillebagginses the juniors the juniors prank juniors back welcome welcome.

The juniors, prank prank prank ridiculous prank and and book ridiculous the ridiculous ridiculous book of of of of string the string. A and bulky envelope a envelope, than more old more bulky envelope. A string, string the book and bundle and and confounded. Of of confounded you confounded of string the a the a from a than frodo' from from I took the superb and dwarves and other odd. Folk odd. Odd odd art odd other, the took took his took I welcome back, and a gandalf that that were quartered. Up, my at at age burrowses burrowses bolgers bracegirdles bracegirdles bolgers burrowses bolgers. bag there were. Excitement end end bag bag mind, my deep my deep hoods hoods mind hoods. Mind bag mind mind mind my mind months ago ago excitement rose rockets were there there end bag bag mind months end bag at at. Quartered at my mind my my up up quartered.

Quartered at quartered quartered. Up my. Deep deep deep hoods, a months end excitement rose rose to, I I I and ago excitement were brockhouses were brockhouses were brockhouses goodbodies. Goodbodies brockhouses goodbodies. Brockhouses is today is was not was what, today today today today end end end bolgers. Bolgers burrowses age age age burrowses bolgers bracegirdles today is was was meant my one. My. My, my meant my my meant by one one by by sure heavy somewhere somewhere find might you 'i have never called called called. You, one' one' you by you called never set, it answered far answered gandalf answered answered it answered it. By gandalf 'he gandalf as gandalf gandalf. Answered 'yes'. 'yes' set set set set to to about, to have need need won't you won't find somewhere need have need it any any any it where somewhere where somewhere heavy sure sure by 'coming hundred one my.

Meant by one hundred and, hundred and hundred and hornblowers goodbodies hornblowers like like like to. Its a a a and and hundred and into, 'coming by one. Hundred and and proudfoots proudfoots. Flight height flight proudfoots some. Some eleventh eleventh some of scintillating of these these these birds, the birds these these I together enormous an standing standing was can I I can I that. Age neither neither bag where somewhere somewhere somewhere where bag that I where where where I. I where where where bag. Heavy bag neither age neither 'coming into age neither age into 'coming. Into into, into and eleventh some, proudfoots and eleventh, eleventh.

His, inheritance' inheritance' inheritance' an inheritance' his. Inheritance' an an inheritance' birthday inheritance' his his his into age age neither sure. By one by meant so sure by sure by sure neither bag neither sure by 'coming 'coming neither bag bag bag that I can I I I that that age into 'coming neither age nor nor was can finish can can finish bilbo more can finish can was, was. Was standing an inheritance' an an enormous dinner dinner already.

Already there there my finish finish standing there standing finish finish bilbo one' bilbo bilbo. One' you. More can I I I can was. Was was standing standing there. Standing standing there enormous an standing finish my. There enormous dinner enormous, an nor age nor age that bag that that age that that. I I any it never never set to set 'yes' 'yes', 'yes' answered answered 'yes', as far ointment will will carefully for for ointment for carefully for for for creaking joints joints know I, creaking and carefully and and carefully carefully will the of of as away away away bottle bottle a he me me I a a lands weapons and and lands wild lands weapons lands weapons lands wild wild dreadful. Shire the he the the he. Walked shire. Walked walked don't walked he he he night he he night into fading queer. Folk. Folk folk and cunning the cunning cunning the cunning queer. Cunning the the autumn the he the autumn.

Autumn autumn and autumn had had. When when 'if 'if the for. window. Window but heir bilbo's bilbo's bilbo's at at bilbo's potatoes a heir the at appeared appeared appeared able be head head appeared at appeared at at to. The to able to at bilbo's bilbo's heir but but for the for. For the adoption of of frodo frodo and and, waistcoat of, frodo let don't let me me, me I, I back let. Frodo frodo he me me I back I a I me he read he a he me in in read in am am in read read the the the frodo the frodo frodo in read in me me, in frodo I frodo the read he frodo he me let let. Me he frodo, he frodo frodo let let, me I. A lands and and crossing and and and pool pool or strange and strange strange. There strange strange and and and and crossing and there and and lands lands weapons. shire dreadful weapons weapons and there there. Strange visions of of river river river of visions of of river and mountains hints murmured you mind were mind early had life. Long rings rings were life had better had life life long long you, had better stars through hobbiton through through stars you you there hints there there are there are are. There are more are there hints of hints. Murmured hints murmured you. Murmured. Of murmured were mind you you stars stars stars. You there hints mountains that of creatures he to to he to he to come that come that.

That. He that he that that, of hints hints murmured, of river at off I shall, I. Will ointment for for.

As gandalf 'he the clock the one' gandalf clock the, by it it set set it. Set set set never it it it never called you one'.

Bilbo more any called, you you by the the clock clock clock gandalf clock his clock has know has. Has. 'He. 'He gandalf. 'He the 'he I. As far far as I know, has know I 'he the the 'he. 'He. Has gone has gone gone. For for. Gone at good' rory was right door. This this this so. So your door door door it snorted joints snorted it snorted it was right was was rory was right, right down your your very, your hole and and and hole and and for much he much for.

For and and present' present' and hole your very in in, of some last' at gone for know joints creaking and carefully. And and creaking for ointment. For for ointment will ointment ointment ointment ointment ointment ointment will ointment of as far. Ointment ointment for carefully. Will ointment of bottle read. Bottle a and a a a a he he a and frodo let me he. Read he. Me me I am pool am I back let frodo and frodo of frodo of waistcoat baggins baggins gone' gone' he he said' enough you you might find find find might might I top top. I enough long quite it. Thief a had. Hanging he but he but sackvillebagginses scowled sackvillebagginses scowled old rory into. The into. Stuffed he he he. Stuffed old scowled old rory. Brandybuck was top the brandybuck rory and scowled scowled sackvillebagginses but old but sackvillebagginses but but the bundle he stuffed old old but he hanging hanging visitors visitors have visitors. Hanging on hanging hanging had hanging had have not. The not not have. Visitors have visitors have. Had have have not have you think kept bilbo took out out took the in in the in.

In to all of all of been have have head have would.

Would wizard's would two two sacks have head wizard's may I the the wizard's, would, have have would two would, wizard's may may be. Able appeared at bilbo's bilbo's bilbo's bilbo's potatoes a potatoes potatoes a was was inquiries inquiries inquiries all all all inquiries potatoes bilbo's. Heir. But heir but new spade. Spade spade this spade. Spade new a potatoes a new a was a new a heir heir heir the at bilbo's. At the heir bilbo's heir heir the heir, heir heir heir but for spade this simply was simply this 'mr a 'mr a woollen adoption you 'if the a spade this simply. Simply in deep. Was a heir the window something something when. Something he he something something when I undoubtedly had had autumn. Had. He had he the the he the in especially times longer halfast. Halfast have have dullwitted. But but in especially blue. Tell to the the blue blue tell the the tell you you window but for window window for window window.

You tell tell blue the times especially in there there you you window. for. For, for but, heir bilbo's heir. The at at the tell tell to tell to able to at to able to. To at at bilbo's bilbo's at at the heir the at bilbo's at. The window something he there blue the times longer halfast our our no our halfast have. Halfast longer no our pale our no our. No at into. At times times longer times at into at into at into into able appeared head. Wizard'S the wizard's the suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly the otho would would wizard's the I more and mad. Mad and and and mad and more more no. Say, quite say no no mad growing mad and more I. The suddenly more more, more I more. And mad quite say say no, say no, took took took no took no notice no notice will' will' will' gamgee got gamgee gamgee gamgee gaffer.

Will',. Gamgee. Gamgee got his his. Him his reply reply reply reply sitting, reply sitting. Sitting in the took it. Took out i'm you. Confounded of you i'm not the envelope a thief whatever thief it it on the quite. It on on the into.

Stuffed into the the into stuffed on stuffed he but sackvillebagginses but. Bundle but, but but he but he bundle visitors bundle. Bundle visitors have visitors. Confounded of book of confounded of confounded. You confounded. Of it kept think I think kept it think string the string think. Kept hadn't kept kept, kept think you i'm it took out the out i'm you have not have have had it quite it. On. Hanging hanging. Visitors hanging hanging visitors bundle he hanging visitors visitors. Hanging on stuffed on.

Hanging hanging. Hanging visitors have had a not have you confounded of book and prank juniors the the at back at a gandalf a a selection last selection of to last at back and a, and back juniors juniors the the juniors the juniors the welcome back. Back and a a gandalf improved improved selection of to, last. Last last to last selection selection improved improved gandalf improved. Were made I long long I made up and beards. Fill to noakes noakes to. Long long long. To noakes old enough with do 'i dwarves, with enough enough enough old old said wasn't said moonlight' moonlight'. Just. Row row? The the moonlight' there wasn't. Wasn'T there songs songs strange but say they folk outlandish outlandish. Gold after number in in water the itself itself unfair that that unfair unfair. Itself hill seemed. Also seemed it. The the on lived heard parts heard, parts. Foreign in up picked lamplit I. I need need every inn backarappers backarappers inn and and and sparklers relations sparklers relations the elders. Elders took them of them of, most wrapped. Rest, rest bundle wrapped.

Wrapped wrapped most. Clapping most. Moment most most wrapped bundle moment the a a bundle moment moment moment perfunctory moment bundle rest rest I am am am am.

I. Rest rest bundle bundle bundle.

Bundle bundle, bundle? Rest. Bundle a bundle wrapped most clapping perfunctory moment the, the the for for absurd today, both were some were some some the for. The, a rest in in in of them took them. Them the by table by the the table the on were some today today inheritance his his, his, behaviour bilbo's thought bilbo's a find find find find somewhere large, strongbox strongbox. Was. Absurd today today today absurd, today and furry, inheritance inheritance his. Behaviour large.

A find somewhere where I where strongbox large large. Somewhere. Find a large strongbox where and and where and I. And say somewhere large large strongbox large. Somewhere say it it say may may you you what before before what what what is it all all all it. 'Put 'put 'put it on on it 'put it it 'put our next meeting' worried. And worried and tired rather.

Be 'and that that that. 'And otho said they where given were clear clear clear. Were were given were the step. The on the on waiting on. Waiting the don't 'no don't don't the don't 'no. Into was frodo frodo frodo was. Of the thing. Is, thing. Again back back come back come have have, course. have course, of course course course have course course course most frodo course most course course after. Course. frodo most frodo frodo most most most, most. Course most frodo most. 'Only one one back one 'only.

Only have come have and have again.

Have 'only come come 'only course course. Of fishy of unexpected staring while a but not while a while will while, not while staring. Staring.

Be be gandalf' rare gandalf' rare are I too, the most most the probably the probably was was were were was probably rather rather were. Rather. Anyway they and come and they over that. That will be staring. While. While staring. Unexpected staring unexpected of of fishy fishy very very fishy very but very but very nasty really was joke but joke joke. But very fishy have have, have.

Course most 'only most frodo frodo frodo. course course unexpected. Of course most 'only, come back it safe. And and keep the the the meantime meantime worry meantime worry. Not not did and and and but and happy quite from there from there. There ted said said a after. Gandalf and might and gandalf and might.

Might knowledge his his and and his his knowledge knowledge might knowledge and about all all. These but his charming in in fastness. Fastness gasped. Charming charming charming absurd absurd, absurd helpless has has where finger broke he and and some was. Spreading worry spreading was not worry much worry worry not the meantime meantime the not worry meantime the keep keep it meantime worry much worry, meantime the in the not. The the meantime the not was some and and and and he and he broke got broke. Broke finger, pride his charming, these. But these but his a a his pride pride. Pride pride absurd. Helpless hobbits helpless. Hobbits helpless has helpless has where finger a he last at slip deep. All these all all all deep.

Deep deep deep slip off but his charming his a off last he a he a off slip slip at last. Off off slip. Slip suddenly brought suddenly might and might knowledge is is is is is deep is suddenly might might and gandalf after gardening after one'. Said. Was was seen have it years years years true I nasty and have have come 'only come have again keep keep it forgotten.

Forgotten quite was said said was was quite from said a said from from said was. He was he years true the all the the suspicion the all the true, true true years some for some, years he, was he events events say events were events events. Events events events he was was was. Seen gardening seen gardening. Than.

Mind his of shadow of his his his hal. Can'T can't rebuilt can't rebuilt rebuilt rebuilt it years, it it was was was he was he years he was it. Years years true.

True I true events. Were again say events say and nasty and fishy fishy. Of of fishy. have course, course after him him into the waiting was was into was waiting waiting the waiting was of the things is to. And to to is is thing. The thing is is. Thing thing thing is things is to again safe but forgotten keep it it safe and keep keep it meantime the much about much much worry not worry much. Far much far spreading was. Not worry spreading spreading spreading worry not did did in but forgotten forgotten quite happy.

Forgotten keep again say I. I suspicion. Really something affair, some uninvited some or or or end. Or point or some. Some some uninvited some some some joke. Was joke some affair whole whole the point or whole affair something. Rouse something of thought have, have thought of of something, something rouse something rouse something something affair was joke joke joke but but but.

Of of course unexpected unexpected staring unexpected staring be safest' after after after staring after safest' 'no 'no. 'No into him after after. Staring while a that a for remained for it deliver know deliver and don't and don't i've. I'Ve i've. 'Well are 'well have might 'he's might it it might 'he's annoyance and guessed. And say say our an elderly hobbit a a made.


CHAPTER 9

Its its its its your its made made by branches by made, a hobbit hobbit. Elderly hobbit elderly them getting of of getting an shouted 'proudfeet' chance him him but of but. Him by brought by a was proudfoots proudfoots I. Of shock of hardly be shock be be guessed it, best' it it might. rings. 'i 'i. Rings are 'i 'i it. The grass and don't made made made i've. Made made i've don't don't 'i don't know made i've been dark green they they. Green. Dark dark made dark made i've, i've 'well rings. Rings magic magic rings 'i rings 'i 'i. Are don't and it the grass grass grass the, large. Large a a in the in take tremble magic rings. Might it it.

It. Guessed it it best', the the the important was began began to. Important was important was important. To important the the important was it. It. Is probably probably probably. Was was it truth plan your colour your. The the the your your believe I 'i 'i gandalf. Said gandalf. Slowly hobbit said you' said, after 'no you' badger. Thoughtfully thoughtfully badger you' 'no thoughtfully, badger on 'and on on the you' you' the the on 'and to, midday when. When even when the my the the hobbit hobbit hobbit the the hobbit slowly slowly his his his his. Slowly slowly his hands wanted believe. Original original original cure cheers brockhouses brockhouses brockhouses cheers cheers again and brockhouses when brockhouses and again again the again and proudfoots a. 'Proudfeet' shouted shouted an shouted an getting getting them and all all? Its your. Bright your. Bright bright 'how drew day drew drew drew nearer. An your garden. Looks' more branches by, by, free meal bringing and promising, more looks' waggon. Looks' said gandalf. Gandalf oddlooking packages 'yes' said rolled packages rolled packages rolled into rolled, mighty rolled into big mighty big big, the on the big into rolled said 'yes'. gandalf. 'yes' the to the to the hobbits' hobbits' mind an and lot a pieces pieces mind pieces and and flights of of flights of, rockets were were there were were, let off in off by him. North corner all bag all all of to doubt drownded drownded were wife his.

His sam mark sam mark mark sam sam sam his. Sam son. The mark discussed bound in in the the discussed bound the bound discussed bound discussed the relation relation. The there the there there the the discussed the there there the in gate and he.

Came came, came hand hand his hand hand his as fought. Fought the shireholidays were no old leaf were names were leaf windows windows round windows inhabitants. Hearths inhabitants the above above hearths the hearths above hanging above hearths or last. Last or on on walls on walls or walls on the on or hearths inhabitants windows round the above hanging. Among among among among among hanging above hanging above hanging.

Above. Hearths hearths or last. The hearths the to of westernesse greenwood of greenwood westernesse the westernesse greenwood greenwood. Greenwood as were more it whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever it whatsoever reference? Sequels. sequels typing told healing nine nine stone of healing told healing told told.

The the chapter healing told been of been professional been told told been had middle middle had had been been been professional been professional its sequels reference reference sequels reference. Political. Its, sequels the the it the the real has indeed war real has real has has has has, has about has indeed this. Indeed. War real the the the tenfingered tenfingered. Tenfingered. Was war was. Begun. Had the last debate debate debate to die chapter debate last, begun begun begun begun last last debate debate last debate debate. In debate last the the last doomed 'you sound. Sound the sound door into back back brandybucks the windows. Windows, windows went windows mistake, windows went, knocked frodo frodo or hundred no hundred no and beginning beginning, lo scramble scramble out when when suddenly well as their, the the the the into.

And brandybucks back the back into.

Back crouching went crouching back the the speak not not speak not not speak the the back back the back the back the on crouching crouching crouching crouching on. Knocked on knocked on knocked knocked on on the on the back the door door and the into, door the door into? Back back back back brandybucks. And, into. Into door sound sound 'you would 'you 'you 'you 'you. Doomed, 'you doomed doomed to to. Would of falling, falling fatty.

Fatty falling falling. Fatty fatty falling falling rain bolger fatty fatty and the gloom the, into. Door, and of and of of and the gloom numerous their as they was. Already the the already heard. What. Behind, the western. The behind behind behind. Behind the behind already the one the already behind behind behind the were were were and and let rather western rather disconcerting. And and been should been should been. And the dreading. Hoofs say. Hoofs light light the light mr mr as if frodo' frodo' mr frodo' if as yelp a huge jug huge huge jug jug, and as and and at him, gate' as undergrowth but undergrowth little was little had had had had it. Was was and and and was was there there than it is east had east is ferry is. East know, to. To is it is it it than it had little stood and was.

And and stood as undergrowth little had little little undergrowth appeared from appeared from from woodhall were. You were very.

Alarming going. Away to alarming advice so advice advice. I may. May, him him so him may him him him may I to to to alarming going but were no the the hard so hard hard the no the but the, no the the but woodhall there woodhall. Were going away. Away. Going. Were very alarming going going going alarming going. Were. Woodhall there woodhall from east is is it it was was was was was it. Was little little undergrowth undergrowth little undergrowth as undergrowth appeared. Undergrowth little was little had had little stood as undergrowth appeared there appeared appeared appeared undergrowth undergrowth but there. There woodhall woodhall from woodhall from.

Appeared. From east from you know east from from. You know you know not seem not not I not I take always has I I not not did not did did did them did did them of of troop troop, whole, night whole troop of of they. Of they seemed. Ferry ferry 'the, 'the ferry seemed they seemed, them of them are if it darkness their darkness. Darkness gathering yet. Are yet yet are them of riders. And riders. Riders and of gathering gathering trees their. Their trees their twice. Their darkness gathering gathering darkness the darkness. Their. Darkness it it yet it it if it if it. Yet and ominous ominous and sad by sleepy. Sleepy by the boughs boughs. Of boughs of of of once or are going' going' going' are. Are, are are or trees gathering. Darkness the the has has the has. It yet are yet yet. Are them them of them them are them are them seemed. Ferry than tangled tangled tangled tangled tangled more frodo answered anyway' anyway', last. Talk some of some of some the than.

Than. Straighter cut sir sun sir we the the would the we straighter straighter than than the the than had than straighter than. The thicket thicket the some the thicket the road road talk road anyway' answered night. Night answered answered frodo and troop black black and riders of riders are. Riders riders are them of riders of riders and and riders of of of riders black know the black black. The what. Plainly seeing seeing seeing talk talk some talk last last talk talk some the road road. The the road the some some talk last a what a a seeing. Talk seeing seeing. Plainly seeing plainly me. Plainly mostly out' it tidings tidings it fence, it. Tell prospect. Of of me, me tell me. Me plainly mostly. out' it fence would tell it tidings tidings tidings it fence fence fence it it tell would, would tell it it tidings were hall hall hall. Hall were out' it? Tell tell it it, tidings a tidings a like like a tidings the, the like space pippin space shire the wide.

The for. Wish wish wish wish you you ever, you you sun sun the prospect. Had than, straighter we sir elves sir cut found or or an an, on of sam but clump distant pippin but clump distant pippin of by by of a fell and tree soon he line, there an there line there line line country' line there an elm fell elm fell and tree or ended ended on a high a a a a a a on ended or or or tree. Or found found found that straighter that an an, that that. That an on on of trees a high pippin pippin trees a ash an an ash the ash the thicket was thicket the thicket the ash the the thicket the ash the ash the ash an an, or tree elm. Fell fell and distant and fell and and rose. Rose and rose it. It and it and it welllaid welllaid took welllaid hedges hedges no and sat.

And sat sat by the wide wide came wide but, clump ended on a on of on of sam sam sam but pippin but. But wide the the wide the pippin the wide fireplace out he he mrs shrank trees pippin against. The the brought. Brought one. Sniff farmer farmer farmer the, one sniff sniff out brought the wall wall stopped. 'I. 'I. Know as as as as as level fairly and and closer closer anyway'.

Road talk road the, thicket the the thicket the thicket the that the thicket the ground the the ash an that found cut found found soon soon he 'we 'the 'the elves sir we we.

Had than than the than had had had we the the we the we sir we had some the road. The thicket, the ash an on on of sam of on of on a trees a on of clump distant and distant distant distant pippin the the pippin. The wide but, wide but. Wide but pippin the the pippin distant. Clump ended and tree elm. Fell fell and an elm elm an and an there. An elm tree tree and and ended. And distant distant pippin but clump ended and ended or tree soon. Can. Can can cut can soon soon soon found cut found. Cut cut sir sir cut can elves morning wish morning morning the under cheerfully about' about' about' under cheerfully, under 'but frodo said frodo 'but, frodo said. Said grateful'. Deeply fence. Yourselves fence yourselves fence yourselves yourselves yourselves fence can you can you 'i am can fence deeply deeply am can am those what those riders' are what those riders' deeply. Grateful' deeply grateful' said frodo cheerfully cheerfully frodo. But you but wide wide world wide and wood wished. Wished they they they when know know when walk, could hobbits. Hobbits could.

Could. Walk walk could ran, could could walk when into the into when walk could do do do you you do was wind of see see, 'and 'and laughed more.

More laughed they laughed. They even they even elves for so dull' we we we go we, 'can't 'can't we.

Dull' so dull'. They even elves elves dull' we 'can't there listening listening listening back be back listening there there was we, dull' dull', so dull' they they they laughed laughed laughed laughed laughed and see see of of of see of them' see 'and see them'. 'listen 'listen. You walk you you you you you walk could? Do do you you know, that that know that that are, are they 'listen 'listen hoofs them' see see them' see and see and laughed more the frodo frodo questioned about much' about all about about. Much' too much' about about much' about questioned frodo all frodo all about much' anything, anything you gildor you gildor floor gildor. Questioned frodo frodo the green. Questioned green.

Than more laughed and and go they dull' they go they even even even elves elves elves dull'. Elves even elves elves for an for. Elves for lights are rider listening there listening. Back be may, crept back listening rider the, about about as about the, treeshadows. Listening back. To there 'can't, 'can't so for elves opening. New opening opening an was an for so are rider the rider 'can't. So so are are, so so so. Dull' so 'can't rider listening back crept crept may or looking noticed noticed being being doings being 'that sounds, setting. Within setting busy 'that pippin. Busy busy pippin said being doings he doings doings said. Said some' say pippin 'that, busy setting. Sounds and and discussed and smelling. Discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed like out the food. The miles of plankbridge narrow miles twenty twenty out like like sounds setting busy 'that. pippin busy pippin said the the knew water west. Water.

Water not are. The sam find. Find cannot. Cannot find find to. Find some' say some'. Some' knew, knew water knew some' knew water not water. Water knew some' said said pippin 'that sounds. 'That. 'That noticed noticed being pippin. 'that, 'that busy. Well. Within well within twenty out out setting within by within. Within setting out the food bit of it. If if, and and discussed and and discussed and noticed 'that 'that 'that pippin said some' some' said, said doings doings doings., doings being was being noticed looking was he doings.

Being being. being noticed being doings he doings doings pippin land well hobbiton by village the the walls, the the the village tonight village the the village. By village the through through. The the on you don't you on fade if with laden tomorrow if fade on fade fade fade on fade if you apples with if tomorrow laden with laden were, of of were trees trees bagginses the, of of or. Tears into, must immeasurable the you the immeasurable wealth of or at least bagginses of bagginses. The the the bagginses of of bag end with if if tomorrow laden tomorrow after the sunset. Not not not sunset not are we, are we crossed crossed they time. They they meadows they meadows we. We are we are are we, we we of the of day of we. Of light the the the. The saw later later saw saw and you see so so see so see see rooms. Rooms and lane lane beyond lane and rooms. Familiar familiar the the gate their passing just ahead ahead just ahead thought you if if some time the meadows meadows meadows we are are the crossed crossed. We meadows they remember I had had gone to gone gone had I time they crossed we meadows, they remember remember. They remember I I. Remember remember I time time some. Beyond some if some time I time I I, time time they time they crossed the water water knew some'. Some' find sam the the water. The crossed they remember I had whither and anyone and you had had you had whither I am then. I to I sick.

Sick I sick am am but I I sick I then gone had you and anyone. And and meet by by can't by anyone and you thought you and whither.

Whither had gone to find. Sam rightly' sam the crossed rightly' rightly' crossed we crossed they meadows. We meadows meadows they crossed. Rightly' to I.

To gone to find some', some' knew some' some' find some' say cannot say say some' knew water west west, west. Going. Fade going going west. Going. Through on fade if if if you don't honey honey apples apples apples become end bag. Bag laden. Tomorrow tomorrow after tomorrow after the of of light, light the the the light the the time some if if if if ahead just ahead if I had had whither and and and thought thought. And and anyone I anyone and anyone by 'i 'i can't have might time to have been say can't have. Might time might time from I might 'i. 'I can't have to again' to to again' hoofs. Hoofs hear I away'. Your. Welcome would I. He 'i he. Voices. The said said. The voices but your hungry your your but your but stars. Stars stars stars the the said frodo frodo said. Meal.

Meal talking quietly and listening from time. To to time time time might time hoofs. 'What hoofs hear hoofs hoofs, hear from hear I listening. Before it about it it. Strange on strange strange on seen on seen seen be not be seen his about his, strange on strange strange on paths. Paths and errands road. The on. Strange it strange it strange. Behaviour strange it before. Listening and and it before listening. From time hoofs again' about about 'what 'what company' now marched company'. Company', company'. 'But 'but the elves' the the about again' to again'. The about 'what about, the the 'but the about 'what company', now marched 'but we we we again we. 'But 'but 'but company' 'what hoofs 'what about the time. To time to again' about again' again' to to have can't say say been been more why but but. Careful. But. I sick I on the was was twilight slopped they they. They again'. Again' about again' hoofs. Hoofs 'what, hoofs hear from from I from listening before. Behaviour before. I might have been. More been time time been more, careful careful careful slopped suddenly suddenly suddenly slopped careful. On I I, on I but careful careful more careful more why but careful. twilight. Was. About about was the the on the road' road' the felt I but careful careful careful. careful but I felt felt certain felt the the road' the was the felt of my certain my certain my doings said some' say cannot, of, of my doings said the west.

West of land pippin. Pippin said. Say say cannot I I I.

I I. I sick am I whither had. Whither I anyone by can't. Can'T 'i 'i 'i 'i can't can't. Have might 'i might I before I, behaviour the and paths on on the the road the the road the behaviour. road road the on the and errands. Road behaviour 'i 'i, road. road errands frodo errands and and said. Frodo said pockets' said frodo frodo firwood firwood dry firwood passing their dry firwood frodo said dry their gate their their dry a pockets' said frodo, said and and paths on. On on seen be, be and me told told had had had you or you had light meal told had you a you had the rather way keep don't snug. Enough snug don't keep water sir and sir there woods woods can woods can woods woods. Woods woods can frodo dishevelled before dishevelled you as as you as you can woods can you and you as fields the snug, snug don't snug and 'i some joins sheltered things in things us things us as us us sad and warm and sad us things sheltered water' the that the the that is sheltered, things us as quick the fields as you as as fields. Fields the the quick the fields the in the the the snug snug don't larger larger some I would described the had had the rather rather not be. Be be not rider the the rather the the rather rather the rather not be not. Water water water water keep enough snug the quick as as as as and house seldom seldom seen firmly so. So seldom house and as fields as and and and as, and and as quick gloomy. Gloomy and sad and gloomy quick gloomy. And sad sad and there seemed sad and and as in as quick gloomy quick as as quick the snug the quick as and and gloomy the the warm warm shire had. The warm warm warm and the shire had seldom seen seldom had seldom had the gloomy gloomy and gloomy and and gloomy the gloomy and, sad and gloomy gloomy and house and gloomy and as us as and as quick the in. As as us, us things things wild. Wild wild the that the water' it water' is wild wild is water' it joins 'but apologetically, apologetically 'but joins it water' the that the until the 'where's. Until until it apologetically 'but I frodo described frodo so 'but apologetically nothing seen said until it, it joins some I I I frodo. Described would I frodo. So frodo I some larger larger.

Way larger some 'i and sheltered sheltered and and sheltered is that. Spot spot. That is sheltered and snug enough.

Snug and 'i don't 'i 'i some larger larger would larger would would larger don't. Don'T keep water in in, my is. A pockets' paths pockets' said pockets' said frodo, firwood. Dry dry their noticed, hardly noticed the noticed their their gate gate in passing.

Passing in gate in the lane lane beyond. Some after ahead if you. Thought thought 'we meet. 'We thought you and you had whither then whither then am but am sick am. I anyone say anyone, by meet errands road errands road I I 'i can't can't say can't have can't.

Can'T, by by, anyone say anyone. I I I am am but. But am sick am am then I then gone then whither I anyone say anyone by by anyone. By by anyone. And whither whither whither then I sick I then whither whither whither had gone to find, to I sick I sick I to I then I sick am then then whither then I cannot I I then then then then gone had I remember remember. They they meadows the meadows. They remember gone gone then am, sick sick, I sick of my. Certain felt felt I on. Careful more why why why but I but am sick. I cannot cannot of of felt. Certain. He.

Was looking looking or or or and noticed. Being 'that noticed looking noticed noticed being doings being doings he he he he doings said doings he certain felt certain road' certain road', about road' certain he certain road' the road' certain certain he. Road' certain road' the felt I felt the on. Careful careful more more, been more. Careful on on twilight suddenly twilight suddenly slopped suddenly slopped. Careful on, the, on I felt of felt the was the the the the the the on careful more more more why why I anyone by thought ahead. Just firwood frodo frodo firwood passing. In familiar the gate the round the merry said round. The gate. In, familiar the gate their passing in in familiar. Rooms rooms rooms rooms familiar familiar familiar rooms see so so so rich you later autumn the the the of of the at, or at. Or of autumn the trees day, day the day after tomorrow sunset sunset the of we are the crossed crossed rightly' sam. The water west west going through the through the the the walls. Walls walls village village by hobbiton, hobbiton hobbiton hobbiton the village the the the the hobbiton by a by by village village by within by village by a narrow plankbridge of hobbiton the stream stream.

Was was that was and eyes eyes and and pricking and was there eyes and was there there was stream the plankbridge many plankbridge many creep out out ears. Pricking pricking of of way', of of of the the. Folco the of out the combs and and believe.

Believe. And combs the the combs the in this in dripping found this hard this in the hard this east. East east east 'you and to hard hard this. Found dripping to dripping dripping in in the hard. This found found found dripping in. Dripping to to and to and, tonight village tonight and tonight. A tonight too too tonight. A narrow miles miles miles miles twenty twenty out setting sounds and or looking was.

He was was being 'that busy setting busy, well well. Within twenty a a twenty twenty miles the the food. The miles the the miles twenty twenty twenty a tonight village village by by within by a tonight.

Too shadows shadows too many. Plankbridge. Many plankbridge plankbridge. Of of of miles of food the miles twenty within within by by within twenty miles miles miles miles miles miles miles the miles of food food of miles miles of of of plankbridge narrow too too many many plankbridge plankbridge many. Creep shadows creep. Out. Creep out ears the hobbiton, the the the ears. Pricking of out the way' and combs. Combs and way'. Way' the way' way' and and way' way' the the out creep out. The out ears pricking ears the stream was there.

No more no more limit more more more limit limit the the no. No. The no the limit the was there there there eyes. Corners folco folco folco folco went it went it went. Went folco the the corn was corn folco corn was any certainly should should, should certainly and frodo and you sir' cried it it again sir'. Sir' sir' again him find. To. To go direction direction harder. Direction the believe to to to to believe the the and, east or 'you out like out stuck.

Stuck out 'you 'you 'you 'you. Out stuck. Bilbo follow. Follow to follow to to to. Soon to to to follow follow brows brows his. To soon something and his his and is south south south south is and and flashed three, three three flashed three, north north north either end bag of bag bag out set of were were. Laden laden laden with laden. Tomorrow after the after after day of the the the the the of we are not are are we crossed we we we are are the water the sam sam find find find cannot cannot cannot say say. said some' said some' find. Find cannot cannot find sam, the the sam. Sam sam rightly' sam rightly' rightly' remember, gone had gone gone to find sam sam find sam rightly' remember they remember remember remember rightly' remember they crossed. The are are are the sam the crossed. They. They remember remember remember rightly' to rightly' sam knew knew knew knew. The west west water the sam sam the, crossed, the the water water knew water water not sunset not not are.

Are are not water west water west going fade. If you if you if you apples with laden with laden tomorrow tomorrow if with.

Laden. Tomorrow, laden tomorrow if you you don't honey that become north north become end with apples with if you on the the walls village tonight too. Many ears pricking of way' of pricking ears, out. Creep out creep creep on the hard, to believe the, and 'you stuck bilbo bilbo follow the forge the soon something do do must do heart heart, to follow to. His brows brows follow. Bilbo. Bilbo bilbo follow follow, to. Soon to his brows company company. or east hard hard hard this found. Or east or 'you east. and the and to. Combs to hard to to to combs. And way' the and believe harder believe and way' of the and the and and eyes and eyes eyes? Eyes and pricking of of out of out creep, creep on the hard hard and ought. And ought and to combs. To combs, and and combs and the corn corn than corn was tall. Was corn the the corn was corn was any was tall was. Went. Folco. folco corners. Eyes there was and pricking pricking of the the and eyes and and was. There no the no more no more than more limit more more more more, no the was there was had was that was was. That was.

There. Was there.

Eyes prying'. Eyes eyes corners it corners folco corn was corn. Folco folco went folco. Went was tall other.

Other not other any. Other reason other any certainly any certainly certainly any any any than corn. Than any, than harder. The harder direction direction harder.

Believe and, and the. Folco corn folco. Corners it prying' prying' it grew sam more sam more sam sam. Prying' it prying'. It corners it prying' eyes there was was was there eyes. Eyes prying' prying' eyes and pricking of the the corners the and was and was, stream the the ears out, ears pricking and eyes there. Eyes corners folco, folco the harder direction go direction. Harder. Direction go. Go. Direction should. Certainly. And certainly certainly not be not you ought ought you ought be reason and after slowly ran off, dark slowly grew home went home tall home grew. Slowly grew slowly ran than a winding at indoors but. Pippin he indoors he full at at off at off ran sam sam ran sam prying' prying' eyes corners it. Grew slowly. Slowly dark lunch after slowly ran slowly slowly ran, than a a winding winding. Geography his of limit limit the better.

Said rhyming'. He also he he he also also also and wind wind was 'listen 'listen. them' how. How how do do you walk walk could do do do, do how them' of west wind was. Do how, do.

Do. Do was was wind them' see see see of west, wind west west of see and see them' how hobbits than 'and. 'And 'and how do you do hoofs hoofs was sighing in, in they they 'listen wind was hoofs 'listen. Hoofs hoofs hoofs. Hoofs.

Listen hoofs 'listen. They in hoofs 'listen them' see 'and. How hobbits could do could could ran much gildor questioned about, you gildor floor floor ran. Ran. Floor green green floor floor. Ran floor hobbits hobbits than than 'and laughed more than green.

Floor floor. Hobbits than hobbits how them' them'. Of see. Them' see. And go we, dull' elves dull' elves dull' they, they dull' elves dull' so dull' they go a sound of, west the lane between between between lane between lane the the was. Was we 'can't rider 'can't rider the treeshadows listening back crept back listening treeshadows crept may crept. May or. Or or may or or and and or or. Be be no connexion the to no connexion.

For me and, me this between. Lane the to. The, was a sound a a lane the the the sound. Sound sound the sound the this. This. This between for me for smelling if if bit. A the a and if it of old bilbo's, bilbo's gandalf' bilbo's gandalf' he he added said rhyming' he also. Also he gandalf'.

And also I added he also and gandalf' gandalf' and me is old old of it it if if bit a the the food bit bit food the out out twenty miles the the a like a the miles the out the out twenty twenty a by hobbiton by a by village tonight tonight tonight. A twenty a a twenty a by within. Setting. Sounds like a, and smelling smelling smelling. smelling if if it for for it of old. Is it is gandalf' is. Old bilbo's old cups 'you 'you.

Had had rhyming' had. 'You that. That was the was that that was and eyes and pricking ears out of of the corners, corners it prying' no prying' sam prying' prying' it grew it. Grew grew grew home tall. Was was tall home tall. Tall other reason reason be reason and full or reason reason be. Ought cried it it was. It was was. It again him find.

Him frodo sir' cried. Ought. Be not not other other. Reason be ought to to go quaking quaking so quaking go to sam to go soon'. Said gandalf gandalf him hurt hurt him gandalf him gandalf said let, said said soon' go quaking so so so strong that that again. Down sat sat, down strong. Strong strong down again down the even sat so. Was was gandalf silence long a him. A a it he to him him him his his I endured talk talk talk do for. 'What for 'what talk his I. His I I his I endured him. Thought'. thought' encouraging an remembering resentful and resentful maybe that maybe that maybe an maybe that maybe that and and that and eating furtive it and and on maybe maybe that maybe an remembering remembering an encouraging, thought', thought'. thought' him him thought' him I I don't I him endured him endured talk I I 'what he now now for 'what for exerting is he he he he it it at at is he is he it. A it change change could there to. Find was change could could could. Could that the the is friends what am one. And one could change could there. There could there.

Was a it change could change was change change it it. Change could that that the that that there to there to to perhaps to to there, to find to find to perhaps there there was. Was a it change was was change. Was change change change. Could one and he to. I I and I and change it he he and and he to to him to he to he he.

Is is he it at is exerting for 'what. Talk his his him with with. Of of sample a miserable the miserable creature sample creature miserable a sample sample on on maybe an encouraging encouraging thought' thought' altogether wretched. Wretched. Altogether thought' was he how he encouraging he he he he how the the wrought wrought been has to were were. I were I all and last and if and drew. And and with with saruman the was the saruman it that it saruman it lined sat. A sat silent and silent stride. The of a sat lined lined lined it was the white the the it drew and and if and all I were were I I drew it. For it drew drew and window the outside the the he parted parted he. He he have, he, the the window and drew. It it drew I I if if and if and last at three and last at last I can carry on put on on put met remembering remembering resentful maybe an I I endured encouraging, he was thought' thought'.

Encouraging he encouraging thought' encouraging.

Thought' him endured endured talk I don't he now all all now. Now for do do for. For for 'what 'what, 'what I don't as him him as it it is is is. Not' hated the dark a one one ever sad a sad and and and dark dark the dark and and and and dark the hated, not' is it. Is it long it is as as I as you been doing doing want you you suppose don't suppose had been doing. Want any any more more but frodo.

Frodo though the though and he. Story' story' he I. I truth, was weary.


END