GRID REMIX: LORD OF THE RINGS
An algorithmic novel by Jeff Thompson, created for National Novel Generation Month 2013

Word count = 50000, allow word repetition = true, chance of a new chapter = 2.0%, chance of new paragraph = 1.0%, chance of a comma = 3.0%, chance of a period = 10.0%, chance of question mark = 0.1%


CHAPTER 1 (205, 260)

Had had not not sing not not finished not finished or sing. Anything anything anything know to to that to, know I when. Of out. Of of out out of the of when of bilbo bilbo did not had had had had. Bilbo but around, miles around that that bilbo had not had bilbo that bilbo bilbo that. Jaws that bilbo had not not did had did his eyes his jaws jaws jaws.

In in, those his eyes glared had glared glared.

Down. Much seizing. Seizing recite or sing sing sing sing or recite. He paused he he recite for. Recite he bilbo don't. Don'T I but I but but. I I don't. remember' I for I, don't.

Bilbo bilbo baggins baggins paused baggins even while even even while sure yes free' free' yes I, yes yes sure while sure while even for from horn horn paused for from horn after horn. Horn horn horn after after horn paused for paused horn horn after after the after the after after the the feast feast, roar and more feast a feast roar and he and he one one a notice appeared.

In in hobbiton on hobbiton. On on the once once a week heads week at bag at never at never at week heads week. Heads the a week week heads week week but week but week at never stopped stopped never at never and gate at week but. Week at never never never stopped never stopped bag but bag, at gate at gate the occasionally occasionally occasionally occasionally the the occasionally.

You hobbiton. You. What say sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses the say the young hobbit as as you as, understood understood understood as understood that understood as understood that you. As as understood middleearth that that you you could wish, could. See never you that that something could wish to to exceptional quite wish to to to inside about inside about like about about like the like see the, the inside to exceptional was the was exceptional exceptional exceptional to meet of inside. Inside inside about never, stopped. What what stopped what of bag very much much like like for for for. planned planned. Ring being ring ring ring the of the of the ring. for being the steward. The the written actually, written the down the greater the the the the the written by by written by by in just 'precious' actually anything written down actually written written. Just 'precious'. 'Precious' 'precious' just just just when it what what title. What title title what what what it when when when it it portended since portended it it was it portended. It in time the time. Was time.

Time. Time the by the the old were families. Greater by written by written, the the written written. The written written the greater greater. Families families were some some some were old hobbit hobbit hobbit old. Old the by in it it in it in in time time was sixty, the westernesse westernesse westernesse leaf or pipeweed. or sea days days bilbo's the sea sea days the at at fornost at. Fornost and those days the the days those days shorter much index is is. The is index is index is in in in and in is index index is. That that this. Index is is shorter their shorter their height intention. In intention in is inadequate and and or as stands book or and in their their height their in in is shorter is. In is index, much, actually great actually not great harfoots. Great actually not not. Are they they when they persons guesses from evidence to matter the either from. Evidence to matter many. Many matter matter matter that that that glimpses glimpses 2 chapter many included included the the either, from from and persons persons and from from and, and, places evidence to matter many glimpses many included and of departure departure departure of and included boromir there there take there chapter 2 the riders riders a hands a hands a is is a is greedy hands, away and away away and of puff of and i'll and i'll and of of and and away and i'll with rohan of riders. Riders the 2. Glimpses of of the riders riders the yet yet of yet more. Book. More book to or and or as or as yet yet of connexion and and away hands, hands hands greedy and and, and a and a hands away.

Away a connexion connexion, and connexion of of, yet as yet as yet as stands the stands now of the yet the the yet of of riders of riders away away puff puff. Puff down puff a hands away puff. Puff down puff away puff away hands greedy, greedy. Is. Is greedy greedy. Your out came firelight as firelight end miles. As it. In it came came it climbed the in usual not was. Also couple the the the far among as as among far. The far. Of couple a for followed. Dark dark followed they open they they, followed a mrs by open threw threw open threw this threw threw. And threw threw and right their their their their right. Their passage and right doors doors doors right and and right doors. Right right this locked this they open by open a open. A door for, followed for and and and dark and that a for followed for followed followed, they, after dark after after locked after they this they they they followed they this locked locked doors doors their doors locked less fog after fog, after they open open. A followed followed followed. They they open by open open by by by mrs maggot guess good guess guess maggot mrs by, me it me and me it 'that slowly 'that it 'that slowly slowly slowly 'that 'that. 'That, 'that 'that 'that two the two two two became a towers, towers, book book of of next of next year next, next of history a in defects minor minor minor and next, of the great the iii great great. Great I wrote I but major but but. The process process process are process of index index the process are process are, process. Process, the define an an define major year the, year next next of of the of book iii the of the the the of next and minor defects and and defects in. 1941 many finds finds extremely finds, now finds finds finds many. Many. 1941 became. It until until telling fellowship the the fellowship. Fellowship answered frodo answered answered answered. Frodo answered frodo frodo them down opening opening down them lane lane a a places places a to many many. Many. By many to.

A a led merry merry mine' mine' mine'. 'They'Re. Floor. Merry floor. The the floor came.

To a led them led them lane them. Them down them frodo answered answered frodo answered frodo frodo said answered frodo 'given down the passage their their their their on the down 'given.

Given frodo answered, said said. said. Think' mine'. 'They'Re. 'they're floor came came to came they this along packs on packs along. Northward their northward along along this on this along northward their packs packs on packs packs. Along packs their cried or cried pippin cried shall' we we guess the great great river river or cried cried pippin packs along packs pippin. Pippin pippin bad' bad' chapter. Chapter foreword river or river chapter chapter this tale this this, foreword river river. Foreword. Chapter river river great the great foreword things things things iv iv places places places chapter. 9 iv things iv 9 9 iv places places I went. By others by others by others others ways in which in, ways in in. Information information.

Linguistic information by bigger in the in specially approved the approved which in specially. Specially. Specially in the, and heir and and bigger and bigger bigger in the the the meantime meantime meantime clumsier meantime, clumsier races for by for for for offers edition edition edition. Storygerm storygerm uses offers this offers uses storygerm storygerm uses uses critical.

Reader of the in grew in of breaking the tale the breaking, the 'i 10 this this this foreword. foreword things things. Iv places iv iv places chapter. Lrien lrien lrien iii places iv went on others on and and on on and on, went by all are when later monsters iii when iii places, chapter lrien, chapter lrien. Chapter chapter places I all but the the but but linguistic linguistic detailed linguistic. Detailed experience experience his experience his by a year later blemish are when when iii iii monsters monsters to farewell to farewell. Farewell and and monsters iii when iii, iii places iii, when I I all I when are blemish later year later year. Year. A beasts a a beasts and beasts beasts beasts, beasts persons chapter persons chapter persons chapter persons almost almost almost almost a beasts a year a year a a by particular particular by unaffected by, particular by, by, particular, more. Particular by his by by a a some unaffected by particular earth have. Earth the earth earth the earth earth the the with the days the earth the in particular in. Unaffected unaffected some. A year a year a by, his blemish later later when. When, later blemish. Later? Blemish blemish a by by his. His blemish are blemish are blemish a by particular in in edition.

Edition original, original edition with friendship. In. The days the habit ancestral their. Their.

Was was their wellordered wellordered. Wellordered and and and believed their believed their plied it it. Was it it was. In ancestral in ancestral habit ancestral in in friendship. In friendship with edition in the days of days the with with edition with with friendship with with, with the with with friendship friendship close but close a close but in in in the habit habit ancestral habit the days. Of of of days the the with with the with edition wholly. Wholly wholly remain are. Was was ii galadriel of of mirror verses, verses verses. verses mirror can you.

But three three I I have I have moved at of at at mushrooms again' all' that that ran that all' all'.

At moved. Have I I that I the struck bucklebury of outskirts. Twenty outskirts the the over well, on and on and brandywine. The farmer, the the brandywine brandywine brandywine well well well brandywine well brandywine well on well flat well, brandywine the in in the flat fields flat flat.

Flat well brandywine well flat. Well. On an, with said left left said. A on a on a table. Of knowing near near knowing a the fire fire.

I fire the near knowing. Near table near knowing near, near. Knowing, of bridge the 5 age 5 chapter dark chapter chapter chapter chapter has the the on. He on. The 5 5 chapter 5 chapter 5 chapter third chapter dark dark chapter chapter 5 the reputation. The reputation of bridge. The reputation reputation the bridge.

Ii age by age by by from the the the from from from. By from the the purposed much containing the containing volume. Due is of is due strange creatures solely creatures the most beyond. Count inclined to inclined inclined. Becomes inclined becomes becomes. Becomes history becomes first hobbits hobbits and there there in there. Originally alone upon upon upon lived upon contradictions, contradictions have have made. They they or borders borders a had several great great the in in the great events. Events there was added galadriel.

But but there is. Is an it an is no is there there. Is there but there, coming on goes river goes on conjuror on on goes on river and and of is of age at record at record no no record version of version. Version the the copies many too him long all it all was was is.

Convinced me true.

True that that. That me. That the the as he it it has has has when has it it it he as quite not was ages what has true the reunited kingdom the the awakened the last last. Years years, more, years more twelve twelve day when, of parts those in the true the true true account. True the reunited of of parts those those parts those of of version of shire the version the of of abbreviated no record no is an is no age that, that isn't isn't isn't, at thirtythree of the of, of those parts the reunited of parts day. Thirtythree at isn't isn't natural. Thirtythree the those of of of thirtythree thirtythree at at isn't living and living isn't that isn't living all all hence. Party the at the party and party. A was there at 'attractions'. For in actually called were system bad bad bad bad postmen assistant voluntary and voluntary voluntary voluntary not. Voluntary voluntary not not summit summit district in district district the district. Summit summit district on a table table now served be to be be. You joke to joke joke to. Poetry was a table and and ensuing ensuing. Weeks ensuing and and ensuing ensuing, ensuing? The the the table now now imminent and with and imminent now imminent and and table and imminent imminent then an an, are on are. On are on are on are you joke to poetry. Some some wine to poetry some got the throughout throughout the got got some some. Or brandybuck brandybuck brandybuck or brandybuck throughout at glow at it but snowed. Was. Postoffice postoffice bywater, postoffice this occasion this, on bywater on this began to occasion but occasion but it was and he coming dwarves. Coming dwarves them under it, was the was not voluntary not, was was not voluntary voluntary voluntary and under and he them to, him him to them. Under them dwarves. Coming dwarves coming coming coming dwarves dwarves back and back and coming coming he them. He he and was, and was the the was was not a not a bad postmen postmen. Assistant. Assistant just, assistant just assistant postmen were. System actually actually called the called actually actually called actually called were. Postmen assistant a bad a a a assistant postmen were were of were postmen assistant just just was voluntary, and under under snowed but but glow to began this began. And and and and fell almost almost began to occasion this postoffice about nothing, nothing knew nothing folk folk that about about it about nothing nothing folk nothing knew shirefolk. And blocked was but. But the shirefolk shirefolk knew nothing knew shirefolk. Knew shirefolk the, blocked so so not so. So in seen in seen not was not and and and postoffice and rule and rule and rule a rule a a the hobbiton the and more difficult the hobbiton hobbiton postoffice and rule rule a rule a mountain seen seen not not was postoffice dangerous and look but but but look. Thought was thought thought, look thought to thought look look. Thought look at the the at at at look thought was old the in went away away more away from from difficult more more and more more more far out ones expensive expensive expensive. Very began business business began began.

Pouring out and as ones shaped rich. Impromptu an entertainment engrossing entertainment engrossing engrossing up it entertainment rich abundant rich rich shaped ones ones expensive pouring began began invitations invitations invitations real. Invitations began very very very expensive expensive expensive. Expensive pouring pouring out ones out pouring pouring pouring. Pouring, began pouring out pouring expensive. It expensive ones, expensive. Expensive very not not birthdays smoke fact an got up got up got got an an fact. Fact in necessary necessary was thank you thank. Correctly that all. That correctly more it it said it more. Correctly more already. Had sackvillebagginses? Repeat.

It repeat repeat repeat now had a intended gandalf as hobbits gate gate gate eagerly watched was shire shire the shire enough shire they by the by they. And again in. Came. In. Again by they, watched they they by again in again by by by the watched. They they they by they by by again, and and and calendar and again and they and and calendar and the, likely likely likely has he he he was he he has he was a has likely has in has he fame fame fame in in calendar and calendar calendar and they watched, watched. Watched the the watched, eagerly watched was due due. Was was watched eagerly eagerly for the for mainly for mainly for hobbits give hobbits for mainly, for hobbits. Hobbits for for the the give. Gandalf had a, a intended gandalf had. Had gandalf had they since since buch' present. Buch' very you 'thag you. You have not disappointed finished very.

Buch' I but the now I now had he I now the but present all present and present all all he all these years. These all present and and secret secret and present, and very very finished very you. Have you past oddities 'thag say bilbo to were were were guests were guests the guests were were. Not were not hobbits hobbits. The watched was been enough likely. Likely likely the in, has likely nasty nasty shock nasty tales tales here rivendell from live from live from made of made copy made copy first first the mr until mr the first baggins. Mr. Baggins account. Bilbo set but. but. The but. But luminous a a nuisance and catching. At the heard not heard. Heard the old of old the heard the in the old the old old the in found be to to would the would to to that that that a themselves pale pale all with peering at at this.

This present a present present weapon at all but, luminous eyes and catching blind fish time. Fish fish on, the on not memoirs not memoirs not on not not memoirs his. His the the the the celebration memoirs memoirs and and he his hundredandeleventh hundredandeleventh seems never. Birthday sr birthday sr 1401 sr birthday.

Birthday birthday sr to have have, 1401 sr 1401 sr was that birthday that there once there, once much much much once than contained much contained contained and book celebration of and he his his, contained and contained and book book book visited. Book celebration celebration of of and on and of and he his contained much much that much contained contained much once much. Contained his of and book red red he he my he my my lad' lad' said 'you're right dad' dad' said. Day one once than than more than than than contained contained his he he his of his his of and book.

Visited more and more than than. Contained than than more than bilbo one once than contained contained, and, of his contained than bilbo than more, visited more said 'you're 'you're right they thought dad' right 'you're sackvillebagginses. They what what what to mainly due due adding due was due, eagerly gate exceedingly hobbits hobbits hobbits the watched they watched they by the by by the gate eagerly gate eagerly due mainly due. Was. Shire was watched the by again startled guests guests were were not were not not hobbits not have. Have not not not hobbits, hobbits the the watched they. By they they they and and the and and again startled again. By they by the by the hobbits the the hobbits hobbits hobbits the were the the hobbits the by by again startled it startled guests were to 'thag oddities oddities 'thag 'thag you have have have, have to bilbo. Guests guests the it in again again. And and and and again again in in. In calendar. In in calendar the fame. In. The and calendar the on. Days days the back honour of honour back the off the the 'ah 'ah 'ah, wizard. Whose but but. Whose wizard, days wizard the the back, a off off a in in in a a off tick.

Off tick was. Tick, by by a in surprise. By surprise in in? A a back way of honour back back back honour honour of of tooks young young the of the of some, corner allude would allude. Would. Was. Who and and the and of the of live the agin right and right back right to have to to have have, to to to happened age second frodo. Frodo happened age age gondor to gondor in in they deserve iv iv deserve attention attention it is probable. That 22nd that book. Thain'S probable thain's the thain's, probable thain's probable thain's probable september. Probable that. Book. The of of of instead not not would reward would he he he him as him.

He.

A a reward, a as a a reward a he boat. Any any any kind great great kind any of any of wild of of said of outsiders a a small boat. Boat any of any kind any of the home small a are are are to the a small. Small west west small. Book. Small small book. Small. A the bow bow the west, and west for the belfalas of of foothills of of belfalas from belfalas belfalas belfalas belfalas of belfalas belfalas to to the are not they seem seem seem seem to. History enjoyed the end my end shire shire chapter.

Calendar calendar book book of end.

Shire. Of end shire shire chapter. Shire of end end. End of end of story. Story there. Feigned with. Its much is there is there story of of of end end the the calendars calendars calendars calendars dark dark dark said merry merry. 'A. 12 chapter dark said stone stone stone the fellow' shrewd. In. In the in shrewd, fellow'. Said. Said stone. To stone to going.

To to break the break break floor merry floor merry 'a 'a was swimming lot lot 'a was floor floor. Was the me. Give and tail and thick and tail. For it broad have baggins baggins baggins come straight straight straight. Come in come in gold with with are with are are and come straight some straight, some some straight come come and mr. Want there there was there there and tail. Was there there want mr was was was mr mr want. Want mr and come come and mr mr was there there and tail was mr mr, mr baggins baggins have. You back' straight come in come and are in are you, you back with lost lost our, way way some. Kind kind some some kind kind. Some. In are in come straight back' of no. No no the in second a a second young. Shouldered shouldered I want their varmint young young young, second young young shouldered shouldered shouldered young young shouldered young shouldered their varmint time the the woods woods woods not. If not sets foot foot, sets varmint. Their shouldered I. Bushes I that had. They moments next said next without next without leave leave our way a a way our way in ' kind back' straight back' back' back' straight.

Back'. You wooden wooden landingstage. Landingstage seen him' seen 'i 'i 'i him' seen him' said said said. Said him' him' him' seen you. You have straight. Come baggins have you back' straight come come come in come in some some straight straight have baggins come in are in are and foreigners any with riverbank now was now was the to, to them are, where and and it.

So it so it and and she called 'don't 'don't are are 'don't 'don't called keep to keep to to to keep keep you, keep you keep to keep keep you but. That was that. But but eyes eyes eyes set fields your over have over your passes will fields set eyes to his and as on as, and his dogs his on eyes to eyes but you keep to tell me, me tell to 'don't go arguing going' you you are 'don't go you go arguing but I quite I but yourself to keep called 'don't to yourself to keep you tell me, tell tell, you but that was. He on eyes to to me showed me. Go go me set fields but you tell that. But eyes eyes to sooner to me set fields fields set me showed showed ever your over have over over have and showed. Ever have. I come over have I come I I. Me took me was was was matters. Matters. Let let matters mend won't and then most outlandish took then and then took it was was was, it was matters. Mend. Won'T mend won't 'that frodo 'that. 'That gave gave once at are at once at they at they figure, if shire shire the leave. To leave to need any, he. Bright he bright treacherously morning thoughtful 'do 'do in 'do people in in the standing beside. Woods and woods beside standing standing is they later a a near. Too was was was a near you since. You near. The have whisper a news great in great in great no answered truth answered answered. Answered in since truth. Truth times too times truth since too was a was or was too. Since in answered in answered in great no was was he. Left you the at parts at times at. At. The at the truth truth answered no two stout farmer ferry farmer the the the the said his up whipped whipped my news left he he left. Has baggins baggins has has.

Baggins has has my maybe and maybe and whipped up whipped whipped up then' then'. Up up his his two two no great. Great news a you since too, too too times I was. Too was too was I was too too too was. I I times I when when. I times at times. Times at times truth answered no no, great. Great, news news a a you you near, the youngster at brandy brandy got, good our good no beside beside it. Beside no beside standing horse horse 'it, now' sky now'.

It later later a a youngster. Youngster at youngster youngster.

The river' the youngster youngster youngster they later.

It now' or sooner but on mushrooms mushrooms. After mushrooms parts at the, the the he was was no great no two the two stout ponies stout stout stout two two two.

No great no answered answered in great news news to you to. Whisper have have have have guessed he you to to to. To to news news a in great great no great in a whisper he you wife wife you wife. You you to whisper he he he is is coming he I he coming we it guessed river' at brandy brandy hall. On get to to.

To, got got got good good got. Had at river' the youngster the have have the river' at. At at. River' the youngster the the the river', the have guessed have have have whisper have you have. Have guessed it.

He said, "Shaking on shaking said hall said said we said hall to to our good, good got to."

 Got had no. Had had at had at had at river' river' the youngster they is no no good our starting starting get across to across across the, last the on hall on on hall brandy hall hall to hall hall on hall brandy brandy he said we we we coming is he you wife. Stood after you wife you after after, after. Stood wife you he he he is coming coming. Coming all I the and and striding and wellkept and they had supper had built a hedge hedge, a large with with with with 'don't forward striding forward forward of forward of of, the the the open you asking far far away I I away you. You, open you open open you you. Come you you open the open you open the open you come whitewashed come door, 'you me me me tell. Wish tell tell wish, I, I I I to I the from this from lane from, this fellow. Beat to. To the frodo 'that. Frodo the, me. Was me the frodo once at at at they if you. Are at once gave gave up be up any on wish wish he wish to pondered shine upon should sam'. Sam' of sam' he a of of of of a a grey grass riders have riders riders black in black black two. Black riders have. Grey. Have have far close to the point the the the the beneath land land beneath us overtaken overtaken overtaken have grey a grey grey under grey grass grass riders black in, the dwell shadow the yet step good, he.

Says says he quite quite been.

Out still, quite quite he says still says. Says still with still, out. Sort. Them them them sort them them there's them sort sort, them them of zigzagging. Weary. Zigzagging sort sort sort zigzagging sort of of for for of of of way way of, way and and mighty. Queer then walk' long. Head bowed you were as as if listening from from mr mr frodo this the sweep sweep won't. For the right right the right right quite quite for for for for down down down for won't. Inside inside from road won't road road from from mr the mr. With mr. From mr. Frodo shadows we shadows of of the the the of the the of shadows frodo mr from from, road from, road. The go the 'well as bowed as bowed bowed you, thought I thought. Thought I I buckland buckland is still you still still is. Buckland buckland our stood our our feet our stood. Shadow stood shadow black the black black black weary weary are our. Buckland I I I its a its I thought. Is thought head its a its its I today are are are are today. With for of sort them pale the pale the the of zigzagging zigzagging zigzagging been quite. He he says says still quite still. Quite still says still still, with with I., today today today more more weary more. Today buckland our feet our. Our are shadow black weary weary weary are today more weary are. Are weary more. Weary yet the yet yet yet the yet yet. Step. Yet yet the black shadow in shadow. Are today. Are our feet feet feet close close close. Far have overtaken have riders this far.

Land.

Land to to land overtaken have far have grey. Grass of a grey have have grey a a grey grass grey a a grey under under the us the, white down for down down for. For him' sam, who gildor gildor who one to to one who who one. Who is is the done the the the is starving and fruits upon fruits upon, upon said said said said pippin, 'only, the a 'only pippin it upon said. Western seas. seas, it and western seas. Seas it, seas it swayed swayed from from the from from the the.

Only a 'only but 'only, seas it. It seas seas seas it swayed tree. Tree or standing standing or thin. And tree. Or standing or from swayed it swayed from side from swayed from side standing standing side from swayed from or tree. And thin or standing on standing side to ended to side to side from the from swayed tree tree or thin, and strange customer. Asking customer of customer thin. Thin thin customer. Of someone sniffing sniffing to to catch unslinging his his his. Pack. Elusive scent the scent end end scent scent end bag of, they of an catch, unslinging lower. The the the lower lands. Dotted morning dotted lands the the lower the it, about more more struck their their backs' a struck they. Any them of of hour as as as noise an noise, noise an for an noise. A been there's there's morning there's there's morning this, this.

Frodo frodo mr with with listening. The the listening with mr frodo? Mr mr mr the the corner. They, corner they corner corner corner the mr mr with listening from mr the away'. the the the corner we we corner the corner we may may we may of of the morning the trees the the meet. meet meet the meet meet may we had had thy thy thy starlight done the done has done starlight. Thy they trees the today night night night on night loaf loaf to sam him'. road your your the true already' he he you way you. That chance some is is back keep go. Me go keep keep. On on frodo back keep keep keep keep. Back going us keep on on, as on frodo on keep keep keep keep on as, on sooner and in in in we the led frodo led led chance. True, chance. True true the gildor come some frodo some chance true chance chance some some some some is is there there there going there going there is back keep back going back back is some is some some is. Has is there road of of road the idea idea. Any idea of let. Us let let best was matters idea. Idea of let best let matters was matters. Mend matters mend any on wish to the to pondered shine shine pondered shine upon. The upon should I should I he he I should. Upon shine happened happened faithful happened happened shine happened. Have can can have stars he, pondered he. Pondered to pondered the see them see to see the the words the I he he sam' faithful. Happened happened should sam' of of a grey have riders, this in in shadow. Stood our feet our buckland buckland our are weary weary more weary more says more more says still. Says more more weary. Black black weary yet the yet yet. Step. Good good sam a good. Sat had sat sat, quite, sat, quite still still out still says he quite still with.

With its. Its I thought is feet is. Is thought is feet is thought thought you thought is thought head bowed you still is. Still, still feet our are are shadow, black black in black two space of space two black black riders grass grass of savour faithful faithful my have, stars he pondered pondered pondered shine pondered he he he he he stars. Shine upon the end of of of gildor come gildor gildor of of end of end of, gildor of your. Him' at down for wait for. Wait.

I the I. He I I should upon should. Sam' should, should. Upon shine stars. Stars the may pursuit and he wish to the the idea idea. Of of idea the to wish on. On wish. Your. Be your wish on wish on wish your that that, that.

That your and and he and and the stars have can the and he. And he wish, to the on the idea of let us to best and have over over your passes passes he passes passes your fields will fields. But eyes to his and sooner and in and in we we as we the that that that that chance, some come come come, gildor of, for. Of for for down white fair fair a he I he sam' he I should sam' he sam'. Of a he I the upon upon the pondered. The pondered the pondered shine upon shine shine happened faithful faithful happened happened shine. Happened faithful savour faithful. Savour the the the space wide 'because two 'because. 'Because two two two 'because. the. black black black shadow are our stood shadow. Shadow. Shadow, in in in, the 'because a wide space space two space. Of grass grass grey grass of black two 'because two two. Two black black weary. More. Step he says says still says still still with still out out still quite. He says says. today. Today are. Today. More more more more step he says says still out out for of way and way. And and mighty mighty and then queer. A ate heaviest of of of none why's all why's obliged obliged why's why's obliged obliged why's why's. None to obliged obliged why's why's all me given tell'ee. Why. Why'S all the all the the the none none none why's why's none why's why why why's why tell'ee I tell'ee, I tell'ee tell'ee tell'ee had tell'ee given the against net net. Against the the against have against against three three of the against net net tree, net net black black a a under doors of a a steep bank bank steep doors under, a black black black a in a weary three tree three. Weary three three of of them them pale me why been had tell'ee had. Had been had and his his. Seem grow grow, worse worse credible, credible worse as the gandalf gandalf stayed stayed in in stayed he stayed in stayed in, fails'. Knew his mr said mr said mr. As as go as go. Out both as both as go go go out putting go putting go 'i hope 'i others. 'I do do do 'i go you. You others 'i 'i 'i hope hope? So'? Possess not 'try' said then. Do do do him do him help help help help would who.

Who friends it to it friends friends new fine his were life can it that others others or melt give new task easy for easy task new fine. New. Fine fine his his. His were his an his an his fine you fine his an his can. Life life deserve there there him there west the west die west the west the west, die deserve die that that some I I, but 'no sure 'no death death deserve? Death its hatred 'the of of hatred its. Death 'no. Death and some of the that some that that. Die die die die. Die that that suppose one could could could any. Any could any merit, any could deserve deserve. Die deserve die one for not not with that travelling. Name name name now he he the shire the will the shire the he inside' 'come travelling a you gandalf suddenly give. Suddenly gandalf laughed a travelling that. With a a travelling name now name name inside' he the will the will least seem seem credible credible seem least seem credible credible seem grow worse as, as as autumn putting autumn.

Putting and and putting and shouted and and and when.

Autumn putting, autumn autumn as, the the gandalf gandalf gandalf gandalf but gandalf the the year the came the the the the came came came the as the the gandalf. Stayed gandalf, credible four. His his his and and had she forgiven be be dinner back was. And and summer last summer last last was last summer summer and and and, summer summer and and it in the will grow worse as helpers helpers but helpers helpers to helpers. Four obliged four helpers to. Obliged four helpers, as worse as worse grow seem grow grow will will grow seem least least at himself for dinner for forgiven be, and sure and be forgiven for dinner for forgiven gone forgiven. Be forgiven be be perhaps can lobelia. Can can lobelia. Yes yes. Yes dwarf went stuff went yes sold 'i 'i am out perhaps be dinner dinner. Dinner dinner. For forgiven gone I tell'ee had been obliged why's why's. Obliged obliged, four helpers as as autumn came the came autumn autumn. When, when. When autumn putting go 'i go you gandalf said merit any could hammer. Could any merit merit merit, merit hammer, could hammer merit hammer hammer could deserve life life. Hammer could could. Could could any any, could deserve there him. the gap. My help help. My all wickedness his wickedness his needed needed. He. Amused it him dagol him, dagol dagol. History dagol dagol him out amused he. It into the the frodo tracked. Frodo asked woodelves tracked him him the into into it it it it fitting it into frodo frodo into into it it asked out' out' fitting it it done done and that, and that that me that hatred hatred its and deserve death deserve death its its and south the the the that, the hunted hunted the in that that. Those those that 'but how 'but that those, think those from' think from'. Came he where. So then. Then of then then whispering were him drew folk death' death' 'deserves how how would cannot cannot be you I you be be you be it, it do have. Outside it outside the to wanted to wanted too perilous, though savour elves see see shire see see see shire be, be slow. Gandalf said gandalf 'you 'you you 'you. Slow. To slow. To slow. To evil to the to may be be be tried' ever that ever ever you you 'you slow to evil wild wild you go'. I I go' go' you when when sir, sir as savour though the had the as sir sir as as much. As is is is is is, there. Was there lived road is there. In there lived road much road road is road the though he. As as he he. Though savour though. Savour elves see shire the to see to me me, me to the outside the to. To the will be shire shire be be said gandalf gandalf slow be said. Gandalf said gandalf 'you 'you you 'you slow slow be slow or shire or in sir elves savour as as sir when when much when when you wild.

You wild I go' will. go' I go'. could. Easy. Could of suddenly suddenly suddenly gandalf suddenly go' I, wild I wild I if sure that it it it that, that. That sure tried' deserve death and but and and death deserve and its and for. Me find. He gollum's he for, him did, he gollum's. Part find part gollum's gollum's and and and really part find that. And fitting out'. Fitting and that. Me me me for him did did. He. Did out. Gollum'S gollum's out, making making out gollum's part gollum's gollum's and and guard his guard guard guard his off gone off gone off off his his from the guard and and and family and I. And friend friend called turned? Daresay. Done really I and and I daresay I and and family and family and and I and and friend called called ancient think ancient of of friend a family and I and I really done it fitting and done daresay I, I daresay daresay it it daresay. Done it he. He. Amused his of his amused out amused it it it him turned called dagol. History dagol dagol history history but that slaves longlived slaves, miserable as of a a longlived known mean and they sunrise was sunrise. They were about known about about about were were they known mean mean and they sunrise they known longlived known mean a of of of as miserable. Is is is miserable as language is that slaves would. Please mordor. Which mordor of would slaves would family family. About of would would, of were about were. Of course not not course this his mother's mother's mother's mother's. His mother's side mother's far mother's mother's mother's side there is I. Still do not not wait not. not wait yet yet do potent and not not wait wait wait, free and free and but and happy time time is. Is. There side there there. Is hobbits hobbits hobbits is hobbits hobbits is there is hobbits. Hobbits hobbits is is there is time time is time happy hobbits hobbits happy happy time still more. Potent potent journeys potent more and journeys the stood though to to feel he he gave he visiting the shire openly party. A and restless.

Feel most the the journeys. Potent and some know less. Know, one the lesser lesser. Rings say until thing until that as as, thing a tongue very hard very tongue is hard very very very and very and and gathering and and too and they took, they the they time they they time for for the hardness hardness of easy it forsaken, forsaken forsaken an hardness of easy it or victim easy easy victim or victim or it. Guesses with forsaken an hardness. Hardness an an hardness took. Hardness of of a dark gathering dark put put to it said and malice and revenge', and malice night when he last last he revenge' and malice as thing is thing is is thing thing. A such a tongue very and too then then too time too time a then. Sorrow then should be common the the the should should then. Should then should we in in we should then too.

Then a time they the hardness an easy of a took a a boat a took, they and very hard gathering and gathering dark a a boat a of a dark gathering dark put. What put hard gathering. Took hardness hardness an easy of the victim easy it or victim but but but cast but if but, victim but. Cast cast cast but cast but world world and he he journeyed lost it aside it am not was it lost journeyed he.

And went. And world the, world, world world the victim victim easy an easy. Easy of of hardness took, they took a of easy of the victim but but cast but. Victim or cast. But but world and boat the world and and if it if but cast but cast gollum about about or cast or it easy an forsaken. An an an an easy easy an forsaken an forsaken an forsaken it forsaken it guesses. It easy easy. Victim. Victim the boat and, boat. Boat a a boat but great it great it even valour valour and down went down and great to the up up would not hurt gollum gollum frodo frodo him' hurt river the not, not gollum gollum frodo, but the 'only the the the ring have ring have gollum, have.

Have gollum. Came him caught caught never caught him his his him his him. Came, came seen have. Ring itself. Seen. Seen him' seen have gollum once gollum.

Came, out him'. Decided fear' decided fear' that fear' fear' I true too to. To great were great beds beds a to great were came he 'only 'only too ring, too to great to to to great were there were great one vain vain chance dreadful rule, what rule them. Chance dreadful rule dreadful wholly. There where fields were not were. For were fields gladden fields fields fields were that gladden the river the not not not not not the gladden. The the gladden fields gladden that that gladden gladden the gladden the gladden that gladden gladden fields gladden that were were that not that not one not that not were were not for not not that gladden, that gladden fields were fields fields river till him' hurt gollum frodo I now I frodo. Him' hurt gollum, now guessing not guessing. To discover. His. His, though them learn. Them learn learn them them discover his discover discover discover.

Now I, frodo but. 'only the but but know I his, discover them them them discover now discover to to discover.

To discover discover them them. Though his his though. Though though they never. Once once I the ring itself that I true a beds. Beds day beds a beds great beds day beds beds great were, there were were there were there wholly wholly.

Dreadful chance them chance. Them, rule what I what for 'revenge said and said and did things did what what did did what for.

And said 'revenge. Said said he. House house said 'revenge' enough 'revenge' enough. Close close even close enough if enough if even close enough enough enough if it it great and valour went. Down to journeyed to to, down to journeyed lost. It it was was. Not am I am am am it it lost he. He he he and he. He down down. And down down down went down went went valour went. Valour went went and world the world and went went down he he. And world but world the victim victim.

But world and went and went. And and world and went and world and, if if if he. If it it it. If if and if he aside aside aside I aside aside I not back again be again land again be again land in land again back that. In that death death, death that that death death.

In land he land land land, in death. Death. Out ring out. Of in judgement judgement he land he. He land that death, out have have. You have been been of, been chosen keeper keeper. Soon but know of and and stood him him.

On the floor floor, the trust seems. Seems trust and who who 'take floor the trust the the on. On can it meanwhile use therefore looked. At looked looked and the much the very too. They they they too much much for. Cannot for cannot, see see his comfort and and ends appeared heart and heart appeared appeared ends I ends. Ends and ends all ends and, sooner and sooner I I have I ends all now now all ends appeared now now it now. All ends all all now and now all see it it it. It at it. It cannot see all now all now and strength such use. At it at looked therefore use use therefore looked and looked and and must and looked at it it.

It it. See cannot wise cannot see cannot see. Cannot cannot for for. Much for cannot. See, his.

Comfort his. See it it strength seems that that and that I that that and heart and plain and wits. And wits. And and have have or sooner sooner and sooner I ends. All.

Comfort his him his comfort comfort all, now and now now appeared plain, appeared ends appeared plain and smooth. Without smooth. Smooth and plain. I ends ends all see see see it now and strength strength seems trust can trust can. You anyone stood anyone. Of in must you again even for even for for pocket for even learn. Much though them though them them them, learn would led, led it difficult difficult difficult not am I aside. I I not not I not back again.

Be am not difficult it again again again land that death. In death out of of in in, of out out of been of in land in land land he he would would. Would learn them learn would he would would for even even learn, much, much. Much. The and and must therefore the in must therefore use therefore use meanwhile you anyone of of, and and stood.

Stood stood. Him did I will take sam to he had indeed had visit visit had visit visit the, the he the indeed had. Visit. Arranged he suddenly on his nothing she heart his heart he heart heart heart his nothing she she. Nothing a, is that on his heart his nothing nothing his his his his heart he he he heart that will will up made privately see willing be be to to be to indeed indeed to indeed privately made up eh', go danger have', you as smooth smooth smooth. Without. Much without much much not later not later as later as as as much without much. Not not smooth smooth not later as later not later as much hope much as much much hope much as as he hope he he lurked. He hope he hope hope much much not have have have have. And plain appeared ends appeared. Heart. I, I heart and and am I I. That and and heart heart. I am a danger as danger. As smooth not not have. And, wits wits wits. Wits a danger. As smooth without without smooth not much as as as much not much. Not much without much not later as he hope he he lurked he. Lurked and gollum can pried. Dreadful pried. Pried and lurked and and him, and lurked and pried on tales even among stronger the 'yes just in, time to to thing to fear birds the woodmen the birds birds fear his thing his and and would would and birds and beasts and his his, and birds. Fear of of fear fear fear fear of the woodmen said that there was examination examination was was was of of the light light the light after terror terror new some. Some new was. He he how rich you will, you you leave bag not and not and rich how how will to will you rich and not not you leave. Bag bag look, frodo day of day frodo. Look look. You. You leave. Bag end leave leave a going away' set out the air of that him follow and air borders. Southern borders southern the air borders air, air borders air and out. The air borders very borders to. Cheerful. Very a went away went ordered ordered ordered us us away us of the green green hills green green green as as green as string string string of of thought he thought the to the hill her, her her and her hill pack hill the to. To the, of down the hill the with the to to to to, the the to, down down us skirts.

Drive' a like like a beginning was and was was beginning to piece he drive' he thought as he, hills he., 'the road did. Road 'the the light the, it it the the it it out of of of afternoon of of afternoon on for, for ever' on became gave gave, became pocket. Was. Afternoon his afternoon on. The at goes goes of goes goes goes goes road road road 'the 'the. Road light light light. The 'the 'the road, goes goes goes road did road did usually towards hills, towards usually 'the and he hills green pack to pack hill her of news some deep deep some news. Some news. Valley deep following following bilbo valley news if news if I absence I many where was I was was. Was I why I was was where where if where was. I of careful, why why that's that's following him that that deep following him and and and and and be be and and sir did. 'I 'i careful 'i out set away' away' companion a for is on elrond going going down halfelven and breathe the soon party soon the breathe the, beyond beyond the beyond beyond and halfelven halfelven. Halfelven down beyond and beyond the the breathe the southern. Southern the soon. Soon the beyond and beyond the beyond party soon became became, very. Cheerful very cheerful complete inventory in inventory with inventory in inventory inventory with inventory complete inventory inventory complete complete a a went footsteps he footsteps footsteps footsteps went a complete inventory in inventory inventory, with her. Her her with. Inventory. Inventory down us away down away down inventory down down. down away went went. Footsteps brought had had soon became very cheerful to borders to to borders southern borders borders very very very became very became became became became. Brought brought footsteps had had had brought.

A brought brought became very a brought became southern the southern southern the breathe the beyond the soon party the as her her and and going elrond elrond elrond. On on day proper day proper proper house of house house proper proper mr frodo frodo frodo look bag look you mr you if if if if you you if but perils but but if you mr mr. Mr mr you mr that mr. Proper day frodo frodo look bag look bag not you rich how, rich rich is the way. The is rich how. Rich and and beautiful. Up beautiful take the the, take beautiful up beautiful. Was, the ring' ring' the ring' the the leave end. End end. Leave a a leave a going which halfelven elrond halfelven down the party the and the as her and going, going elrond elrond elrond of house the 'but I 'but said see the the see to to see the the the that that mr mr mr frodo mr you look bag not and bound. Bound. Bound. Bound bound way. Bound is he is rich how thought thought and and that and thought how will how will how thought, thought how thought powerful thought thought powerful thought powerful. Thought powerful and I perils perils I, here I and I and wise here unknown here here unknown perils perils you you heard somehow heard. Somehow see to he. Hope' desire to to to to seemed somehow see.

Said he to, to, seemed to to desire it it desire. Desire to see somehow.

Seemed to seemed to to to to desire a with with suddenly short suddenly. Hundred, one hundred hundred and hundred one bilbo's birthday heart 'only for for for was heart 'only, heart. Heart 'only 'only heart birthday heart. Was moved one one bilbo's one bilbo's birthday birthday birthday a a with with you you. That but that you would cannot would.

A birthday fiftieth his on on closely sam eyeing side sam closely on his on on on on closely on on, his fiftieth with but with with with fiftieth with fiftieth with fiftieth birthday heart 'only 'only morning morning his heart was for for them a a a short. While I younger I. While with suddenly short a a for 'only morning it it off myself myself off off carried. Far myself they're 'no, you, you, queer you don't don't you. The you. Don'T sam', sam' in buckland no pippin. No I 'it is good, good the the was the was. Neck neck neck. Towards. The, brandywine brandywine stiff brandywine river brandywine the was the was stiff. Was. The good.

A towards the towards the the brandywine brandywine lunch good thought of his of, his and his. Ring told told told him hindered hindered. This this hindered this pass ring pass ring ring the the the the middleearth the the ring ring, pass this told ring his of lunch lunch of lunch good thought thought good. Lunch lunch lunch of, lunch of when. Of of thought thought out out thought he he a had. A towards towards a good good the towards the the the towards neck neck neck neck neck from. Away from is, can't a can't I can't a long give can't I no, pippin said sam' sam', don't sam' ferry. Sam' ferry ferry it. And the woody that his neck was the the was neck from away climbed, that climbed. Pippin said buckland. Said.

Sam' don't don't don't don't, folks wanted she she them for for a wanted folks don't bucklebury don't don't folks in folks wanted wanted, folks wanted. Wanted wanted the the short a moved suddenly suddenly moved a a for 'only 'only to to and to them them them. The short the the keys it it, no pippin pippin climbed. It it climbed climbed away away. Climbed it it. Said said buckland said buckland no it keys keys buckland said said sam' in folks in in in sam' said it and that his.

End. End his away 'it away. From away 'it is 'it away his neck towards end, towards. Towards towards towards neck from the main for for him for main the was the was, the the good the was. Stiff main the from is is from the main. The the from the good good, the the was the main for main main main for good give no. For him he's he's he's got got night to nothing watervalley and watervalley for for pleasure. For wound rest rest more then then more rest rest wound rest hardly he more road wound wound wound wound away away. Before them before. Why before why wound and watervalley the the 'walking road 'walking for watervalley and pleasure pleasure away away away dared hardly mr mr. Hardly. Rest the to breathe. Breathe to breathe left his was was, grass the for the for baggins had baggins had baggins. Baggins mr. Him told this this hindered him. Him mr them by pass pass them by them them. But but them them but them, the them them by by grass the for, baggins for for the for them hindered him.

Him mr.

Mr him told I, when I told ring then then and his and lunch and and lunch lunch and and lunch and lunch lunch and his, of thought good a had. And mighty put as much much as much as as seemed frodo they they woody woody end his neck neck from away away, his that and the across a across back his back across a after. A hold laid of him of him of him of of it as much and and desire the hill more once. The the shire not shire not the not shire the tongue at. Length gildor and dim summer dim. Length length gildor length dim summer afternoon summer dim length not not many many, many desire.

Many not not many desire the not many desire desire desire desire desire. Desire and water. And desire. The not many desire desire many desire desire and and much as it it it it. Of sight sight them them them them pass once more hill the hill as hill. it as seemed as much mighty put. Mighty and frodo and frodo they. Rest rest of of hold a rest. Of of, frodo and he put. As put. Mighty mighty seemed he him hold him of of him he seemed seemed as as it hill hill as hill it he. Him him he it of of it as hill the hill. And much mighty and and had a a had and and mighty much and much and water and water under sky the the but I but this hindered them them by pass pass by, over over by them hindered them hindered them pass but this pass, pass ring pass ring pass ring came came them by pass for baggins mr hardly rest rest hardly rest. dared baggins dared dared hardly he him mr. Mr them by by over frodo but, this this this here'. He he in he in twinkled twinkled here' here' twinkled. Here' he. He he? Here' twinkled lights this here' he in himself himself to that perceive that. Perceive I I perceive I picture nor nor nor 'but 'but anger anger. To. Quick answered in at. In words gildor to anger said and said said anger. Said. Anger said and the and. I and the and the and and said he he to to anger anger. Anger to he weary know. The the anything coming' coming' they. Felt felt they felt beer beer in beer, they it felt. The the over they felt felt felt coming'. Felt, felt it was they. Flats and a and and would they they was it flats it was high time for for lunch lunch lunch lunch they halted they lunch for lunch low lunch they hill. They they halted halted they lunch low low, low. Hill of pippin bucklebury bucklebury pippin pippin laughed pippin bucklebury pippin laughed 'well laughed, pippin pippin perhaps you'll laughed pippin laughed 'well laughed across bucklebury of of hill of bucklebury of of of me' touched touched low hill they lunch. Their holding for for the low hill. Of hill of hill of of. of halted they they halted they. Halted they breath they they lunch lunch. They. Breath their holding. Used to to be to see elves be be elves be be be elves see take. To sweet him him him. Yours yours, yours to to to him sweet are bed are. Are led led him him to to to to go to go, strange he he to.

To him to to to go to to yours him. Led are bed elf choice is is. Choice is is yours to to. To to sweet him led is yours. Yours is yours to. to go a go. Go to yours him him, led him him led is led led led led is is. He himself in twinkled.

Lights clearly. To himself himself he that to clearly. To clearly picture nor, a hand words in at in describe in in in words hand words. Words words words, gildor gildor answered gildor words. Gildor gildor to to. Anger to anger said. And I I can't I can't turn. And and food and food and food can't beer. Can'T, I can't can't can't turn back the back back turn back back it it back bed elf the and and bed bed elf. Elf, elf, choice the, the the the and I 'but I picture clearly to that that. He is yours him. Led is led are sweet to to to used.

To isn't it isn't or or used to used to be elves now into, into now it is. They they. Listened? But but there. But. Listened an elm but, elm but but but. But elm but elm the across across an, an an across laughed across an elm the elm tree tree there there time mountains mountains that since since, that mountains nor, hunger and mountains and and hunger hunger. Where. Where hunger nor mountains nor dragons nor nor now it it it is they as as it now into them them them. Them them bower them take. To take to to see see to. To used to to to be elves see see take take a to to. A a to to take them into exile pippin beside bower bower or bower bower beside bower bower or bower a bower them bower. Bower them take a bower them elves see elves them elves elves elves them bower or bower, or wait' though that seems that that wait' wait', wait' or go to yours yours yours. Is. What himself to, to clearly clearly clearly to twinkled twinkled here' is time time. by by them them but this but this this this lights lights. Few? Picture picture clearly perceive I I picture few a nor nor words in at at. Hand. Words words nor a hand at in. Answered gildor 'but nor a nor. Words. In in in at at will will not not will will 'we east ring came them hindered. Them by pass for for baggins dared. Hardly mr mr hardly mr baggins had baggins mr hardly dared to to the to dared hardly hardly he hardly dared dared to dared to dared to had. The grass was thick. It. By them them the had left had baggins for pass frodo pass. Them but them but sea of speak a speak not speak of speak. Not speak a few. A few a nor. A few few. Of of of few picture picture I picture few picture picture nor words gildor to gildor gildor words nor picture, nor 'but nor words nor words nor picture few a hand a speak a a speak not the great frodo pass pass for baggins for. Them for them.

For baggins for pass by over frodo. Great. Speak great the of east of will 'we hobbits. 'We hobbits hobbits the the hobbits? Hobbits stars hobbits middleearth. Middleearth middleearth in on in. Remain now. Turned flat flat under. To. Turned gildor length not many many not not not length gildor turned turned flat. Flat under under the the stars the under, to turned.

Turned. Now many not, not shire the once once once once pass once. Once. More the hill, as seemed. Seemed he, it it of of him hold a after.

A rest. A across back ferry it it it. And it. It climbed pippin said it, said it said it.

It said pippin climbed that. That and back. Back back back. Ferry ferry. Ferry sam' sam' don't bucklebury don't sam' ferry it, said sam' ferry bucklebury bucklebury don't folks folks don't don't don't folks queer folks. Wanted folks wanted she. Queer she them them for was bilbo's birthday fiftieth with fiftieth fiftieth fiftieth with a would. You that, me near and that you. Would be would a would a would, cannot would. Be. Smile a with a would a with but his. But. His on leave leave spoke leave on lightly on leave to to mind delighted' was delighted' was going he to eyeing to mind said your by he by he he by to to. To to by to by, to all to all 'but all to to all to danger have'. You as as you as danger. A wits, wits wits and am would be to, be to see see privately see elves eh' eh' up will will up his be his up eh' go by your side live that live sam side your by go danger to all that, live live sam. Leave sam eyeing. Sam leave. On on closely but that me me little of I I I I you that that that you I. Me near me. Little. So so. Little see little of little see the the he before he before he he he the the see, before, borders. He borders before borders he, he borders borders among. Beasts among borders among beasts, he borders before cured be can that, he that I that that. Side side your by go. Danger. Go eh' he he his mind. Delighted' was he was. Wondered he had he heart his heart his his on that. That.

That on on weighed friends arranged he arranged friends weighed weighed. Weighed weighed friends arranged friends weighed weighed on weighed he arranged friends friends to friends weighed friends to to friends friends weighed see see see to come had.


CHAPTER 2

She with she with part anyway down a lot up pale small pale pale came came came. Pale and pale and clumps. And pale came morning morning the that went went. Went went take. A lot a lot more more. More more lot more yes yonder lot more yet it it is sir yet yet.

Down down fading grey woke up into up woke up woke. Up first away first the is packet is the is quite light' way way i've i've way i've i've i've i've paid wondered wondered how how he would, he how how wondered was wondered paid had. Way had had. Way light' ahead found that that distance distance the distance to. To, to distance distance distance distance the the found, ahead the the the ahead the the said.

The said the road sam. Never. Never been so so so far far carried, been had for had been would he would he would been had for how he had been been. Never i've. Paid for paid wondered paid for had for never never been stoutly been stoutly been stoutly been had he. How wondered was going how for. How for how. Going. Going off off again again lightly spoke lightly lightly spoke spoke lightly again lightly spoke lightly. Lightly on.

His but his but closely closely on on his, but his fiftieth birthday heart his his his heart birthday fiftieth with you that but. Closely on. Closely but that and that you would a a with but but but his but. But his but. But but his fiftieth, his on closely closely on. His but but next next but next break would he would again again next break would been would would he would been been carried carried far carried off, off and and to.

To and off carried off carried carried break break next. Again next morning it to 'only 'only heart birthday birthday fiftieth his but his on lightly again would would been would again. Would break carried carried off carried been so been so been been so been. Carried. Carried. Off off off it break carried break carried carried break it break it it morning next again next. But lightly lightly again lightly lightly but his heart his heart his heart his his heart 'only heart birthday heart, his fiftieth with but his on closely closely and and and live that, side sam eyeing eyeing said, your all that live have. I that all 'but I. I that I I I that live, have I that that I.

Have he could he have I I, 'but 'but I 'but all that live live have have have I that he. He that can can gollum gollum can pried. Dreadful tales tales on on on on be on the borders he he he he. Borders the cured be be cured. Before see could see little. Little of the, the gold any of of of the the see. Could see. Before borders the cured. The even tales ring. Ring 'yes 'yes 'yes proved. Ring the amazement in. For the for for the for the the dreadful pried and him and him dreadful the the for the amazement. amazement amazement 'what 'yes 'yes. The obvious time time, which you to, time obvious time obvious, the 'yes 'yes proved stronger than beasts and, beasts. And, would he he beasts. Beasts and would dies, would and would he beasts and and birds fear of of of fear fear fear of the of the woodmen said orcs said woodmen. And is there there caught there very there is and taken taken said said.

Taken and and caught the of do of of the woodmen said taken. that. That there for for for examination was, some that examination that some the of was there for. Of chance of and pure are are. Wise and I perils unknown unknown 'so face 'so unknown here unknown into take into take into take his on to willing flickering on flickering smile be keep keep cannot cannot cannot. Would you that. But closely sam, closely sam sam leave on closely but that. But that you with a birthday bilbo's was was moved was.

Was moved was moved a short suddenly moved was was was moved moved was was bilbo's was. For was for them for 'only. To it. Morning his heart 'only morning it to to it morning 'only. Heart, his fiftieth fiftieth. Fiftieth fiftieth his but next again would again next next. Next next next next break carried carried carried been had he off again next but his fiftieth fiftieth his his. His his fiftieth fiftieth with but but that and closely and and and that but but closely and closely and. And and near. So near so near. So could see before see, little little. Of I you that that and and near.

So have I that I that live. That that all to have', have' you a to to go by, he he. By, to all your side. and, and and side. That. Side. Side side and closely on lightly on.

Leave. Spoke lightly but. Next but his. Morning 'only to to. It to. It break it to to and and they're myself far myself, off myself, off myself myself far so so been so so so so and so far so so far untruthfully untruthfully and and untruthfully. Untruthfully and untruthfully and so so. Been would. Again again again next next break next again next again would again, off again next but. His his morning his morning it break would been would he off off spoke spoke he to to mind delighted' delighted' be his his up will up. Eh' he his, mind his mind delighted' delighted' mind. Delighted' mind delighted' delighted' mind his he he his his be will. Up eh' elves, made he. He will. He made privately indeed had indeed indeed indeed the indeed privately elves he announced announced he. Will that that, he that that that. Heart heart she tidy quite quite light' quite is a nothing she tidy way. Tidy she tidy way i've said light' ahead the the ahead light' quite quite, is packet is packet is quite. Quite light' quite tidy quite darkness and found found. Found and and first the into grey into up melted that putting that woke frodo clammy of of his example putting example from. Example his followed followed his followed clumps and pale came morning morning morning went morning went take away take, away. Old years have years old. Away away take a, rolling came with with small, others the pack dotted. Morning dotted lands dotted pack his his, unslinging unslinging. Unslinging his lands the it the it it narrow narrow a about about about more struck their backs' or or bucklebury was he end end I I I and the end I of through of I will journeying will of of of of end end of end he would now would would of june make make make for rivendell always did at that take. Will at that. Take sam sam sam to sam sam sam to finally. Been. Sam, sam sam to sam to sam to he 'take he season sam to sam to sam season season season. Season he season sam to sam. Sam, to visit the elves privately privately see see see to be a am, am, I I.

Heart, I heart. Appeared now. And heart heart and and plain plain appeared, plain I sooner or later or full, he he came of later as as later not not smooth and plain appeared now now all see it it it it see his for. Cannot. Cannot. For caught for cannot see it now now it strength strength seems. Trust and who I am and am. I. Heart and wits and wits and wits wits and heart I am a wits and smooth not have or later not smooth smooth smooth smooth, smooth and and wits as danger as smooth not smooth smooth without much hope he hope that hope hope he. Hope he as the of full or full or later. Of the of came he. Full was was yes he he have 'you 'you 'you yes 'you have seen came out, the as he rumour rumour the rumour of longing his rumour the as much as as he rumour the out. Out came seen, seen gollum' exclaimed gollum' gollum' seen. Ring seen came out out the of came of came of later as the out gollum' out came of later as he he as much, without mark have'. You you without without smooth as danger as smooth smooth and wits and plain appeared now all ends and wood the the wood wood wood was was yes he, full or full or sooner and comfort, and and wood was full or sooner. I have or, or full or, sooner or have I plain and plain I, sooner I sooner and wood the comfort the comfort and ends. Ends all see it strength strength and heart and wits and and and plain and and and have I plain.

And smooth smooth without much much hope mark without smooth. And have not not much without smooth not much much, without you have' danger a danger a wits wits wits.

"
And wits as you a danger danger danger have' danger danger go, by," he said.

 He he his. Be will he will he announced. Suddenly elves he announced. That. Will that. That. Heart heart that that announced. Suddenly suddenly announced. He he elves he made he will he will will, that. He was going how for how he he off he had he had had. Been. Had had. He off spoke off spoke.

Off he he he he had for had been been so been carried.

Carried break would would again lightly spoke spoke off he would. Been. So, so been never been stoutly sam sam said sam never sam road road the said sam said the ahead. Ahead ahead the road the said. Said said. Said. Sam road. Sam stoutly. Stoutly to stoutly, stoutly. Stoutly and so so and so and so so been.

Never sam sam sam sam stoutly been.

So. Been. So far. Carried far myself. They'Re, 'no you, you the the and 'no they're myself off, off carried carried far. Carried. Been carried carried off myself 'no. And 'no.

No and and hole and and the bucklebury bucklebury his in were looking looking after. After a hold hold him of him him of pass pass once pass once. The shire not not length dim dim summer what for what for know the the in in the affairs affairs of of what reason wizards reason afternoon. Summer a a for know know as, know as as lands low the fountain fountain. Clear beyond clear clear 'i do a feet their as cool as shire' shire' do, shire', the the the shire'.

Shire' the the the leaving am it but well well why know bode other himself. 'It wanderers wanderers other wanderers in but but. I I why I why know why know why. Why well. Well but in but well bode not does late frodo. Said be said be from from speech should be be said said be late be said be be.

Late frodo late be late. Late frodo late be from speech should gandalf gandalf 'that gandalf should gandalf should be said a cup cup a trees trees a said be said enemy'. Should speech should speech from the late be said said enemy', enemy' enemy' enemy' should be said enemy' should should. Speech could different could I 'no. Of of of the ancient I 'no 'no. I pippin I 'no I ancient. Speech ancient ancient. Ancient. I I feel I feel I feel different. I different feel 'i feel 'i, feel feel 'i. 'I were 'we they went went both both will. Both went both both both both were 'we pippin said right' to, open open, the into.

The off. The the off were into, the into out come. Come, again packs their want to packs their their shouldered had. Had had shouldered. Had they had, had had that that thick the don't. Don'T don't I I I don't I sir for looked be be asked of voice of pippin we we had came. Came to to such, a for had we. Have was gildor gildor who one one who who. Who who.

Who one to to, to one. To to. Loaf night on, or or today or trees one or trees trees or on to loaf loaf white down for. Down at him' for down down for of end wait looked fair under the white. Loaf at down white down for him'. For of of, of your your. The the gildor.

The the true come, some chance chance chance some some some frodo on frodo on keep, keep keep keep on keep back going. Of idea idea the idea the to. To see them them words the words.

The the the end wait I the upon the pondered to see. See, the pondered. He stars have can have can. And and can can. What what may what wondering to gandalf. To wondering to was lay them before that before before that that known. That that. Remembered that remembered secret remembered secret remembered remembered he he a, a appeared. I watch never watch had, leave the the 'and the not banished banished banished shire shire shire if 'and. Frodo 'and the 'and the 'and figure go to black to black to across the open occasion he country open. In open occasion 'but lane from from lane from the I the fellow, fellow was fellow beat beat he this he. Beat me and me me was was other the fellow this, this fellow the from away you to to tell. Wish to to wish other was the the end other other the other wish to, end end to wish wish other other other the I wish tell. tell. Tell, to door open, the 'don't forward edged edged forward 'don't, the of light striding forward 'don't 'don't the 'don't the asking not, asking far far asking. Not am is into into his, the across to to black frodo frodo answered answered fields' fields', need any need. To leave to had watch the has has he but be shall be shall good.

Good for for good. Treacherously.

You treacherously you 'do in people in the in the in horse horse 'it is is they. Youngster a youngster. They is they later a near you you. Have guessed guessed. It. Is he he guessed river' river' the have the have whisper to you to you after. After.

"After is he guessed river' river'," he said.

 Shaking on hall brandy hall, to to got. Brandy hall hall said. He he it guessed have guessed guessed river' he river'.

He said, "He it is it we said."

 We. Got into got into is into got into got got. Shaking his the last occasion last occasion last. Head 'but. Head 'but, this. From lane from the I wish wish I the other was was, was me me and me was.

The was the the and and ferry and, then took it mend it and ferry and won't 'that 'that 'that frodo the me the the the to, beat me the to said zigzags' zigzags'. Country he this 'but head the lane lane the, into the, head his shaking got we said. He brandy at youngster youngster they. Later 'it. Now' by it, through through saw through been through through go after go after mushrooms after after after, these parts mushrooms mushrooms when at parts you tell 'to in these in in in 'to baggins has baggins baggins.

Has tell has tell 'to 'to baggins has baggins '. Baggins has my maybe and drivingseat drivingseat two drivingseat and and and and afternoon afternoon. Same in the the drivingseat and afternoon the afternoon afternoon, afternoon afternoon same afternoon answered no' 'well no' answered. '. time. Afternoon and afternoon afternoon and afternoon afternoon afternoon. Afternoon afternoon and and ' ' and maybe maybe. My maybe maybe and ahead ahead 'now ahead and ahead two in' in' in', two. Ahead.

Now whipped and drivingseat. Drivingseat drivingseat and drivingseat two. Ahead ahead 'now. 'Now ahead their land land was land was coming are land their you are you their ahead ahead two drivingseat drivingseat two two.

In' two in'. Ahead their land. Their their swim that bolger. Swim swim. Their. swim swim that, that that that bolger. Fatty fatty. Could them tell fatty wishing fatty tell tell and on and tell. Himself throat' the in beer beer beer and he he he and place just ride ride. Just i'll so so way were. Were.

Fond I dark a on on. Board board, and and and and, and that that and that rider go rider here here. Rider that and you but you you brought on brought you and and cloaked and cloaked. And board. You board dark a guess packs accident hobbiton accident hobbiton hobbiton accident packs packs packs. On brought you but brought brought you board on on brought you you board board board and board on packs guess.

Guess dimly could dimly dimly. About funny. About funny one in something there's, merry merry said ourselves' stopped stopped the when, when when when.

Is. When yard the the the the the the the the advancing. Yard yard 'it is is is 'it. Yard the the maggot. Maggot the the advancing yard the said 'it is shire shire is when when is shire shire the the of coming set 'i, laugh. To set set 'i 'i about it it am 'i, set coming to visit' shire. The the 'it 'it yard advancing yard when when when yard advancing. The the said said 'it said the the, the the yard 'it said. The said. The, said he said, 'it the 'it said, he he he in dark was it there'. It there' there' it of your, of ideas, of of ideas ideas have ideas of in you're in going in in in the the the in, the the your was dark dark farmer called was was was. Was. Was your of your was it it was dark dark. Dark was dark was dark in he he he part of, part he own' wrong wrong part. You you were wrong own' he own' dark dark farmer we had. Maggot had maggot maggot farmer maggot had we had better better better other other hobbits of hobbits get home home hoofs home home ourselves' said short short. Short. They merry there's except except there's merry they merry. They thought they they they out out they threw they threw that threw their packs guess all all guess a on board dark cloaked cloaked see but but it. But shape. But shape shape cloaked and and and and you and and and, that can that rider here the the the mist farmer sat. Farmer the the mist a sat a till them could swim in' in' get get swim swim bolger that. He.

Was came has has it has something the something the the in the the the red the the something to drying drying drying to something out came frodo came frodo it that called, frodo came came. Frodo frodo, it that. Chapter 7 chapter that called frodo called that called frodo called he called called that guess. He he wishing himself wishing fatty fatty bolger that wishing fatty wishing he called called he he called that chapter chapter 7 it has in in the red the red absorbed. Me have I cordially similar opinions dislike dislike dislike allegory of opinions dislike made been made been has been they they are records.

Any of trees was trees records any any.

Of lovers, named named was was were was named was was it it quarrel it, it it. Entered they they. Slow their in their youth youth of of youth. Their their members genuine the smoking, more men in their in their their youth to quarrel. It it as it. They. It they they elves the elves not not an an an attempt has been been been cordially I I I I cordially. I but reference reference reference reference an and topical or or allegory allegory cause no cause cause no no have I have no cause and and teacher notes notes teacher and and last forest old the 6 one. As one 6 chapter chapter 6 than 6 the of of one as a a learner. And learner no cause cause cause. And learner and last forest old old the last the of of a as interests as one of of one of a as interests other contemptible or or contemptible and interests follows interests follows, interests follows follows one 6 6 chapter chapter on beer on, on beer beer and beer beer beer. Beer and place. Just just. Just boats just boats of see of fond I fond, so so comfortable comfortable welcoming i'll of see I see see of i'll welcoming. Supper to supper to supper welcoming comfortable, so so. So fond of see but see of i'll just ride and boats boats of see see cloaked see see see I dark a this all about funny one in. Except farthings. Four 'all 'all.

Right farthings merry there's except you right farthings farthings right you bag end and in and pippin. Know was was a pleasant pleasant 'what about about. Comfortable, welcoming.

I'Ll of see I fond were they your know point, about all this this all. About funny about all all guess a on board. Board and cloaked shape cloaked dark dark board dark a this this this all guess dimly could dimly guess dimly dimly. About funny, funny funny about. All about about all about funny could they thought they short guests short said said ourselves' the ourselves' home home get advancing advancing advancing the advancing yard yard the in the yard the said said of said the in maggot. Farmer we we, had maggot farmer. Maggot in in. In dark farmer called, there' 'now we we, farmer farmer dark own' own' your your your was called 'now different from different very different, 'now. We. 'Now we we 'now not very very get arranged as indoors. Different indoors as as arranged bath arranged bath had imitated imitated a fountain fountain for fountain fountain fountain and him for for for fountain and leaped on on open chapter chapter, company to company chapter open open open to company, company is is him him is,. Arwen. three three three for for fountain and fountain fountain. And and fountain and and him and as as as as they they had on had they had on leaped on had they talk' they as they as possible. Possible as a a a fountain for him and, leaped and and and fountain possible fountain a a as a, a fountain, and fountain and leaped on had had been 'all 'all talk' they leaped they, leaped and leaped to open to company is. In in which in which. company. To. Open open out 4 chapter open to company to open out high out 4 a a short far merry merry bag you you you right farthings four 'all right at bag merry merry far so out high merry went went we far we went we we. Have to went end and, pippin and in in in except there's there's there's thought there's thought out thought they thought thought there's there's something in in except. In in something they could. They something there's thought thought they merry said merry merry. There'S something funny something. In something funny. Something in something funny funny funny. Funny. About funny something. Something there's merry farthings four said said four the the. 'All 'all had the the four the four 'all been high out 4 4. A so out so a a so so out. 4 4 4 the house the 4 out, out open. Chapter 4 4 out, high high so so far so a short, far short cut cut eorl. To, eorl that it have I have devised according found. Found according found found it found. Have devised. Be be could. Could a are quick are hobbits of they they they they of of were were fallohides beginning beginning find find revising revising of taken hard becoming are. Becoming. Hard. Becoming be longer longer be and be and riversides. And those those those those and those those in.

Those days riversides and those in and in had again those astonished those those who the who the from. From degree from degree it the it I it I I it I it the who who. Did not did not know not to not but the the know plenty. The whatever fairer. Of languages. Languages languages they languages, land was they was and looked looked no looked learned have may may have and have. Book book to set it it norbury or or norbury as norbury norbury people norbury people of go no no go no people of go could. Go of go could than beasts beasts of of of king king high high to impossible in impossible be but. Dnedain would would it degree what in. Their their in.

And in what what what claim their in what what what in their course course than course course the ancient the ancient is claim. The policemen than down than haywards rather haywards of course their claim their in what degree. From those again again those days also.

They they, forgot whatever languages land was was and and and and was rich rich and rich and no no no looked rich looked. And was rich was rich and rich looked looked rich rich had. They skin skin they had rich looked. No and and and and used. Used used before before used had they skin, and had. Used before used. Also also used also. Of hair of before of also. Also in in also of the in also also. Used had rich looked no and no it direct it, direct further further than and and kindly further kindly kindly and no looked rich looked no it, it it set out. Was as as was out out set, it certainly or of people there further at at the the at. At at were were they as as they called called in. The in in were there further there were there were they they were in called they called called it that. The that that bree called in called called in called. They were at were in in called in called they they as as as norbury. As they called bree familytree that elves that that that bree that that that the away north. Shire only, only. Of of of art art the, included that that that. That that that bree bree bree that it all in called in all bottom the at were there. Were at. Returned at at at returned at further there were in were were they called called called called they called it all it called. Bree familytree bree.

That bree called bree called called it all it it. It away the away it.

Called it that that that bree. Familytree.

Familytree, the their the their their their the from a familytree, a a from direct it. Direct further direct out a from, direct it it. Set out set it. Norbury norbury. Or certainly certainly to to book this book. Book and true be true, this true and and fornost and certainly or fornost fornost and true at beasts at king at true true true. True this may may have book to to to learned looked no and used also and back back far of of of devised devised of devised have I have have have devised of of of far. Skin. They languages land well. And looked. Learned. Have and well. Them know them them well well. And have may hobbits the the the know the know know plenty know. Plenty know them them know, not know them hobbits may have learned it, learned looked learned learned it set it it it direct further than and and and and, before kindly kindly before before of also used.

Also also of before. Kindly kindly and than their than their bellies elves bellies bellies elves bellies it though it ever they and they were are were they. Ever spoke though their though it ever after were taller now. Taller were they were were they, were were they. Were taller and lost and lost lost now lost lost and slimmer slimmer and and common. The the the taller. Now. Are. Now. Now inclined the those who who who those of and of and of views or still or tastes tastes the to the tastes tastes absurd, or or many, or absurd and folk durin's neglect and many many and, neglect boring. Boring boring boring the to to it, boring the tastes the boring neglect not. Iii iii iii. Durin'S iii. Chapter iii. Chapter chapter mushrooms mushrooms mushrooms chapter. Chapter 5 a more, a more a conspiracy unmasked. Go unmasked conspiracy a a folk durin's. Iii chapter given door 'what nothing more a conspiracy. Here follows interests as as a a have a as one one. Follows one of one one one of one of a have a of a a as interests as I and of those I have have who those I I those I those, of those I those who who have who have a as a learner. No cause. No, learner no have I, those those I and and contemptible views or tastes the the to and, to it not did I.

To to mushrooms. Chapter chapter chapter, iii not iii durin's folk.

Durin'S 5 5 durin's 5 chapter chapter 5 nothing. Given given nothing given given been been given been have to have. Have. To to. Have. We we have to the was a pleasant comfortable so comfortable welcoming place place and beer. And he on some and ride and place place. Just place place place welcoming i'll i'll.

Of of boats of boats of see. But but boats just just place place welcoming welcoming comfortable pleasant way way, were. They were this all this a, a guess guess dimly about all this this a a this all. About all all they they were this I I I fond fond I I see see cloaked see. Of of boats and ride and boats just ride. On ride on ride ride and some on he and ride and and some.

And it it must. Must must some must wait must the must wait of wait of wait of wait. Till wait till till wait till. Till till till them them till wait. Wait must it and boats and ride and place welcoming welcoming supper about 'what pleasant way so i'll just boats and it but shape. Climbed shape cloaked see cloaked dark cloaked shape in in it must it in. It. And some of of them of them tell fatty could swim that he. Frodo frodo. Came was was really was. Really.

Was came. Frodo frodo. He that called he guess forest last and learner the the old.

Old old old maggot's guess guess maggot's guess guess maggot's throat' he called. Called frodo came. Came came came has has something out really was he he was came came. Was you. Are. Land was originally down originally unprotected from from ferry lane lane ferry. Lane which was which lane which lane the from from unprotected see about supper the east. East and things' and and supper about supper, the the from the supper. The lane lane ferry ferry farmer throwing throwing ponies? Throwing throwing the reins was was reins wife wife. Wife stood stood. In stood. Stood after stood after all coming he got. We said. He it. Guessed it he it we it he he brandy hall said said he it. Is coming. He I he coming is coming coming coming he I all all in. In in. In all coming we. It guessed guessed it he river' he he it it is is he guessed have have the the river' at river' he he brandy brandy got. Had. No beside no beside beside it. Beside woods the standing horse. Horse standing standing horse. A 'it 'it or later later they, had they they youngster at had no is 'it. Is standing horse a horse a horse a horse standing standing beside. No is. 'It later 'it is.

Standing standing is they they had they youngster they had no no had no good our. To our good good. Good no beside standing is 'it later or later. They had had at. River' he said hall said hall said.

He brandy he said we it he said we got shaking said he brandy, at, had. No no beside no. Good our, our starting starting a stooped it good no had. They had had at youngster the near you, a whisper to news. News great in since in answered truth truth truth, times truth truth the at when but. But when at the the the he answered no was. His, up news news left news was news my my maybe and ahead in' get. Or yard or get get, swim bolger fatty could could could we we get swim could fatty bolger that in' swim could swim bolger. That he that that that their ahead 'now 'now they. 'Now 'now 'now then' 'now then', said then' 'now. Then'. Up his. Said, his, said down originally originally we'll we'll here here his do with tom of of do to house house house house to do to something to house. Of book. House house to to do to something the in the the the something the something something something to to do, to house the something out drying his. Do of do his his, hair, his drying, to to house house house house. Of tom.

Tom bombadil b was of their in in provide information information on. A in a in their movements their their their. Movements their their their traditions. Their their harfoots their and and time the lands the the woodlands all all through. Tilled tilled through current well. Been well well nothing killing sport killing the at at the high the killing nothing high kindred. That. Nothing that lived that lived lived they not they not yet not yet not not they not yet not yet tales tell folk.

Even varying body body. Varying body. And body rock lay lay rock, rock rock. Of larger of thought of rock in in his ring he said he place his. His in varying at varying body body. Rock lay rock. Of of larger years and years thousand thousand and, thousand a nearly work work work nearly among the the high, the among the at centuries for for centuries for nearly. Nearly. Work inside, for centuries for inside and and dark right but being there water dark the light for. Inside for centuries recent centuries among the high the high kindred time which time the the at, the the the the the at at the of the of the killing nothing killing been been killing. The high kindred that lived they lived that nothing nothing well well current was been well current and trees records trees trees. Was been was was that. Named was it it was it it was was were still. Still. Still, hurry hurry. Still still hurry hurry not hurry attempt hurry, not not elves the elves still still preserve any records of of and and of and of that. Of and of nonetheless nonetheless to nonetheless. To allegory dislike made dislike. Made dislike dislike made are nonetheless are nonetheless are records are are nonetheless. Nonetheless to nonetheless are records.

Are they unnecessarily preserve preserve still elves elves not. An not hurry not not. Elves not hurry. Attempt has unnecessarily. They unnecessarily. They any records any of lovers of lovers named was was was was named was were was named named, had named that was current was that of trees records of, nonetheless to. Made made made to made.

Made to to to allegory dislike made been made. Been they been has. Attempt. But attempt an attempt attempt attempt has I but attempt has has has unnecessarily preserve lovers. Lovers of of trees records of of that vanished time. Time time vanished that nimble provide provide information information and nimble provide information on deft and information on deft in. And time the there they lived lived they there the there the the harfoots of lands of harfoots their their their their movements their their their their their. Few few and the the and manifestations of or or also or works all works or or works all in in their of their works their of course of was of was of allegory. Of allegory dislike dislike made made made are made dislike dislike allegory in in in provide to allegory allegory in provide to to, allegory dislike. Made dislike opinions dislike cordially similar the similar similar opinions similar the the me me have have have similar have me book me. Have have me book red the in has came. Out drying coming drying out came was came has came came out something out really was came.

Came. Has. Has it 7 in. Notes. Chapter forest forest forest last last forest chapter 7 in the in 7 it, 7 it frodo it has, came out something out really really out drying.

His his hair his here here here coming coming we'll we'll coming we'll here coming coming are you are you that that he he frodo he that wishing wishing that. Bolger bolger fatty fatty fatty could swim could we yard a yard or get swim in' get swim, get swim. in' their swim swim could swim. that that bolger that bolger swim get get in' in' their ahead. And maybe baggins has tell you left he answered. In a news a news news a news to to. His the throwing ponies news a whisper have whisper he. He whisper. Whisper he whisper to you wife reins wife reins reins was reins. Wife reins wife. Stood stood.

To sam and the in all, all in the in sam sam in in in, the in stood stood stood in. The the the in. The and the in in stood after is it it guessed he, guessed guessed river' he he river', at brandy hall brandy. At river' the the have the youngster at brandy got good? No is they is standing beside beside standing beside it beside no is standing is is is 'it a horse horse in 'do. thoughtful? Bright bright the bright. The unusually was was.

Unusually thoughtful unusually to the sky sky a a a sky, sky the by now' now' sky find sky sky the by the, to easy easy against the to unusually unusually thoughtful find sky the against it on go after mushrooms mushrooms when but sooner sooner sooner sooner or now' now' now' now', now' sooner I. Was or later they is standing is is they they youngster a youngster youngster a youngster a youngster. At. Had got brandy brandy brandy at river' the, river' river' guessed he. Whisper he whisper to to news a news a whisper to you. He guessed he guessed. Have you. Near you, you a in great. News news a, in.

In in in answered. Truth truth since truth answered no two the two two, his two two the said. The said his two no no two no great.

Stout farmer. Ferry lane lane ferry the the the two no great in in. Answered no two. No great. Stout ponies, his the the reins wife you he you, to whisper he guessed. It is coming. Is after all in the the in in. In. The I the in stood stood to to sam to sam, in stood wife, wife you, wife. You you after is coming we got got got into the lane from, from, lane far. Asking asking the the open open you to tell tell me 'you. Be.

Nearer a hay a a a hundred yards had been had been been planted. Many. Many with wondered 'lawks' strider strider 10. Year which year which year the of of the tale view of presence its its. Detect and detect to comments to enough. The the the from even end the age by 1939 1939 in war. at. Said at 9 at. Said guess', said guess' that that guess' guess' that air the seemed seemed unfair our supper our they our. Our our supper supper supper supper had edged edged. Edged and striding light the and, the and wellkept side that side had. 'We 'we retirement it it in the in was 'that water much much water retirement quiet things' but was straight. Was reins reins was reins the which. Lane which, lane lane lane throwing lane. The from from ferry the the two stout great. No was his his his was his was was no no two his, was news was was he the at at at parts mushrooms when when at at parts these parts parts, parts these parts, you. The he.

The at when when when mushrooms parts mushrooms. After go after these these after these these these, in trespassing in trespassing times wandering folk. Several folk queer get get 'well. 'Well this 'well. You' seeing my my. Without you you without without, you without today of my can go can go seeing you' we. Years years and course and and years for today. On gate my gate my past. Past my. My but you, without without you but.

My past hobbiton. Hobbiton. Brought on packs. Their threw threw could funny funny one. In except except in in and in and and you bag bag end. End it pippin it. Was know was, it was the was it pippin and and pippin know pippin and in. In in one point. One. Pippin pippin know pippin it. It pippin it pippin and pippin it pippin, it pippin and in something. Something there's except there's merry. They. Came came they merry said short short they thought out they they out they out. My go go my as as as my nose they. They they. Thought they they out out out they nose nose that nose nose back back, you so if so you you. You so so so if if strangers and his dogs I I have.

Funny gone to no accident packs accident accident. Packs their dimly about about all they all all all this all they point. Point point know pippin know. Point about point. Point, point know was the was was the door given nothing 5 nothing nothing 'what. About supper and supper to supper about 'what about comfortable about more to conspiracy. A folk here folk and folk a 5 nothing given chapter given, nothing given chapter mushrooms to have we cut cut cut short. Far short of duties reviewed reviewed duties of duties duties many house a so a house a a a, so far short a house many house many have many have reviewed duties many. Had had rate rate other arrangements arrangements, it they of hobbits lies hobbits hobbits of of beginning of they of were. Of of beginning of were were fallohides were were fallohides fallohides were forgot they fallohides. Were. Forgot whatever whatever fairer were. Were, fairer hobbits fairer whatever fairer hobbits of of beginning the discovered discovered discovered. The to.

Of taken. Of revising. Revising.

Find find find revising revising it a it it a number number be devised. Be be, could reviewed. Could be it have I that duties many duties duties of eorl I. eorl that. Duties that. It be. Number of errors errors errors of devised have have found found have I did found according found did found, did I I I have have it it it reviewed have reviewed duties reviewed have, reviewed have many had had rate. Rate. Other arrangements other revising of revising.

Revising of taken been becoming hard taken hard to of to. Of of taken. Been has opportunity survived have. The have, survived survived, even book the the the the a 1949 arwen 1949 a. period book period in in which which. At at at slaves other other other rate have. Have have reviewed have many. Many many many have have have have, reviewed reviewed. It be it. Have I I that it be devised. Of number of of hearing and and and and sharpeyed and hearing of far of quick are are. Quick of far skin they was and well land land was and well. And have book to book have and well them the plenty plenty to not but dnedain would be. Impossible in. Impossible in, impossible to high. High, king king of of king high strayings, the the the the concerning with with the with of of roots roots the roots roots concerned roots black and guessed and black roots of, the the the the with of of the mountains the treachery treachery and and and black and guessed that. Guessed cloak and cloak, old old the end end bag end his his, end the the old all in. Of nmenor all nmenor nmenor of in in in all details all. All details all.

All details and eldest the hobbiton bucklanders I you'. For. For cargo of there might have parts of parts have parts of parts parts have as as fireworks as fireworks. I I, bucklanders being. Bucklanders bucklanders I you' queer those among. Say.

Too say among any among among among big too trouble. Might say say say might say might say might you as you as land the the land in trouble too had? It had a a had still more. More. A more, carts there from. Red a people carts more a more a a big. For those those for big a had it hill. Hill hill and not, did.

Did that same same same up up same up up up you'll land as you in land you'll stranded say, say they they they say. It it say say his be found extensive materials extensive found found. Younger his younger it younger his say, stranded you'll up the hill hill the the the up the the the that, the that did not matter matter not matter still still still still and it. Trouble trouble trouble too big a cargo. Carts. People from. Other thunderstorm crackers had at at barrel of barrel of of catch to to joke of of joke. To wanted the enjoyed, enjoyed the enjoyed, my of my hundreds of hundreds present hundreds of of hundreds present had table had had there had. Present hundreds. Present hundreds a was was there was a a hundreds a a high reputation musical of hundreds hundreds present. Hundreds of arrival by arrival by musical by joke joke to joke of barrel by joke by arrival my. Hundreds. Of high high, reputation red red red thunderstorm red from from red thunderstorm all, the the all all. All the been pulled one shower the of of the shire shire the shower of shire shire grumbling grumbling. Grumbling some grumbling guessed and anyhow. For a bilbo's. Favourite bilbo's sauron book book book book. Book book sauron of of sauron of of and and bilbo's bilbo's, favourite. It sauron, bilbo's a bilbo's. Bilbo'S favourite was young frodo in in. Frodo. At great baggins buckland buckland. Buckland baggins baggins frodo. At frodo at at probably young young there a there young was away away wife away there there young frodo young there away wife away wife away. Hall a it a regular warren others' he others' old the door. Front say it door front say. Front front bilbo's 'dealing locally'.

Front say front front front bilbo's at I.

I I and anyhow anyhow for looking looking looking go brought to him rightly him rightly him. To him and and anyhow and anyhow up him and guessed and and him rightly some grumbling. About. About at. I might might I in anyhow up looking up anyhow for for anyhow anyhow anyhow up looking looking for and these of of eldest should, eldest and nmenor all details details all old all in in in of of of in the old old bilbo black, black black roots the was birthday the in in, copy in of in in copy in in all. Old the end bag end his heart was birthday the end end end. End his heart was the to down to to down. Down. Than.

Haywards haywards of course course than policemen policemen the the policemen policemen policemen the ancient, tradition tradition ancient more ancient is degree it degree it I tradition tradition tradition concerned. With of roots black roots black bilbo black roots roots roots black black bilbo birthday. Bilbo old the birthday his heart heart to heart his his on, bag end the in the old old old the the old all nmenor all nmenor of of in. Copy history history of, history the history. Up baggins of queer of of of queer bucklanders queer. You' queer queer queer of queer queer those among big among among among among among say say why say among among those. Queer you' I fireworks might fireworks might have as they rightly guessed and and anyhow up anyhow for.

A bilbo's bilbo's bilbo's. Favourite wife away was favourite was favourite it sauron of and these of of go brought brought. Go should go should should should hobbiton the of, of of hobbiton of, hobbiton the eldest the nmenor. Of nmenor the eldest of eldest. The nmenor and details details all details of and that treachery and black and treachery was in it. It he very had had m m book he book book sauron bilbo's bilbo's. Favourite bilbo's a for and these. And for anyhow for looking looking. These looking up looking. For and bilbo's favourite was away was favourite it was minas. Minas worn worn on tirith that his travels. And found found to found and as ring as ring the and the ring ring as he. As as, ring. Ring the and found and the and found and as and, the island. Of island. Of the of the of island of island, of island the bottom the at further at further no go could he slipped he slipped slipped. He. Slipped ring worn ring worn on that away slipped away slipped away and and further no no away and returned. To to found. Found and the and and the island of of island as and and found and found and was book travels, and the the the a a was and found had found to found to to the island of island of, island as he, of the of of the tunnel only of only shire shire the of the of of the the away away away away away away away the shire north, of of of smoking the shire. Of twelve the shire of twelve of them but, shire the shire of them but genuine weed weed there but genuine. Weed of youth to entered as as as westron as others as entered it.

It it, entered entered to entered as it. As, others they elves they it, was it was were they. Elves elves the elves still elves they it it was it. It. Entered as entered as as it, was were still. Still. Hurry unnecessarily preserve lovers preserve lovers named had before before. Had? It and it it it it had had had it. Was was. Was. It as entered it entered entered it.

Entered to slow, to. Youth of of of youth their in in important important important important. More more smoking the twelve of twelve lay a of them of a knew nothing cold nothing nothing game chain chain of of of chain chain chain chain remained king king elessar elessar put was was. of of chain of was was was of king remained, remained. Remained chain remained, chain of. was was his, heir his wonder fewer had fewer fewer wonder no. Had never had had. Never 'and no no wonder they're wonder they're wonder wonder. No no no. 'And never the the at the the the stranger had had fewer wonder fewer had no 'and 'and 'and frodo years, years years frodo years frodo as, no, wonder fewer fewer wonder his was put was was king remained chain game game. It was was already his already was already was in elessar elessar put. Together with with with, the the red red he by he right right he right right by pocket his pocket his in. His pocket, the red book red the of his. Already his in in, remained chain remained chain chain chain. Chain of king remained in was already, his. Pocket the pocket his pocket his. In. His already. Off already his in elessar elessar in in, his pocket the pocket his.

His already already off far off from from far far far far far lake. Far far in in three, in three lake cold nothing game game chain fine. Chain remained chain of request the the request fine the fine chain remained it remained chain chain fine the knew a of twelve, the twelve. The twelve of of a cold cold nothing. Cold. A knew. Nothing, not lake three. Three there weed of of the spread in more in in the no farthing, each in, three lake not not lake far from far in three. Lake cold lake. Three three there had in in far, far not it game chain remained it remained king king elessar. Put was years years frodo adopted. adopted of adopted of the request of of years request request request fine request request fine fine fine request. Of of king king of chain game chain game.

Chain chain remained. It it it remained in remained chain fine fine request fine chain of request years. as his as of of king was was king elessar in in elessar king king. Of of was king was years was. was his. Wonder wonder fewer wonder his wonder. No as frodo years frodo adopted,. 'And no wonder fewer fewer. Had fewer had had stranger had no wonder fewer than fewer had. Stranger and and the fireworks the miller. The the fireworks of and fewer had stranger stranger and of bundles bundles. Of bundles great were at look master master look at at the never the the at at were were there. There there look at. Look look at the at look there there look master gorbadoc never never 'and.

And. 'And frodo years as years request years, years of was put together and brought put in him the the, the red the the red, by the light the dark and and inside. Work. A a work on on work on. And on water but being in his in being.

There. There water. On. Water there there being being there water there, being being in he he he in, in. A tight tight.

At bag at tight a tight at tight tight place his lay his in his place tight at home and, by meriadoc, was. At at at bag place, his place. Place tight lay lay lay. His in varying at. At the ring he place bag end bag. At tight. Lay lay thought a home at. Bag bag bag brought was was was was and and periannath and by meriadoc. Was brought brought to brought. Though the hopes. They live of live they never they 'if 'if. Bilbo never, they 'if they 'if bilbo mr place mr.

His his a his mr his his audience. Bilbo audience, audience his convince not labelled luxury or commodity the embattled the commodity the the new new white new army and, liable liable was agreed was was agreed agreed was liable they they were they.

They agreed they then they then then they then same bilbo to yet to want to bilbo to want and indeed. Alarmed 'it I 'it. Alarmed 'it. And the other other documents. Frontdoor documents in documents frontdoor disappear and on and and disappear. Disappear. And and on it indeed and indeed to. Want to bilbo though time and time he that I. Yet alarmed indeed it out all all she all. And all and and frodo and will, and and frodo frodo frodo and will his will, and will will and all and will his.

Then' start start. Always he was. Not really. Really really really do' said. Said, the fiftyone fiftyone then same the at the the fiftyone the at. The same time same same time same the at the fiftyone the said.

Do' said said bilbo same then then and birthdays and and time though, yet alarmed on on. And the of the the other the the frontdoor documents in had and had in had had in don't. don't.

Don'T frontdoor disappear. Frontdoor disappear disappear and 'it 'it alarmed 'it and and the of of on alarmed on on it out stepped. Put put put it indeed to want said. Do' at, only.

At the fiftyone agreed was he he was was liable to were they were to were and and time time and and birthdays birthdays and birthdays he felt did did crackers did not seem troubled troubled surprising troubled surprising see surprising troubled seem contained instruments so. Important so he realized quite, quite. Realized suddenly the but. Small but but the important important so he so seem troubled he realized he troubled surprising surprising see surprising surprising it it it. Surprising troubled surprising troubled he so. So so he he. Realized realized quite it. The the the the it. Quite it quite realized. He troubled seem so important realized important the suddenly, suddenly that banquet of perfect and and poetry, and poetry and sometimes after and after after and enchanting, a after and splendid splendid very very make and after after, and enchanting enchanting tones though though tones enchanting. And enchanting however splendid the old hobbit a a hobbit old however. Enchanting tones indeed in one in indeed tones indeed indeed or two in one a one. In had I indeed. In indeed, indeed I had in. Two would allude corner corner bad cold at the the the on the the at went on suppose' I I I own. Still still own still is is still is is your of of your. Is he of addition addition but I. 'But I I I 'but. the mountains little. Little mountains 'but mountains 'but mountains but he of of addition addition of of your. Your your your your of he but mountains. 'But I I but mountains but I but I out with bag with bag end century, century.

Bag. long long the throes the bilbo bilbo told.

Bilbo bilbo to people some supposed what in the in what supposed what what supposed some. People and people and people. People, were his other.

Sure' 'well had 'a. Had had and laughed laughed to days these but but solemnly but never would solemnly solemnly but ted return and return never. Never were. Were were. They were perilous were never return and return return. And had be laughed laughed laughed laughed laughed and laughed laughed laughed and had and. And had given 'well 'well sure' other sure'. Sure' said said sure' other rather a rather a rather were his. Be to laughed had had had 'a the and 'you 'you do do I and the, and 'you of of a verse long a a a since a long known in in real, peril. Yet but since since since mirkwood. From years the the years since but but you but three three? One ring 'the. For rings. Shall in before the does as as does not battle battle out out battle of, five of of die. Not does rings rings great rings does not battle battle battle of five five five but walking was die of battle the battle the, the does the before rings. Rings evening. Rings rings evening rings before. Rings, rings before before before in before in in then, since since since. But.

You then since.

Mirkwood just great just then, since mirkwood from power power, power the of the of of the peril yet yet lacks elvenlore he all and and hot hot. And before you you need to need the lacks. Yet yet yet years yet, but since then then in finding I was not elvenkings three three thing he. Thing three elvenkings. The 'the ring rings, shall you you you shall you.

Then. In then then you then since. Then just mirkwood from power from. Power. One. One in new 'ah' 'ah' said often said ted he, the the he often up, up kept. Kept up, me story crushing. Really really his heard heard a really crushing story story his story me up the up the up up the he he was custom was 'you believe believe believe the believe you you if new in interest interest interest in interest all up. All up that up. That. Said friends friends, other his his be. Had. And and and had 'a had 'a, and return never would solemnly would never never never were they the the in was of the of the wizard would solemnly would, solemnly solemnly solemnly but these hear solemnly and and do hear hear do, by himself, and merry. Days. These. These these these these. These but but ted, return and laughed. To to laughed be sure' other, rather. Were were be, to bilbo, to people were, be told bilbo the long before before. And before century before in in was. And a half wildfire half than than. Half the sky and safe is.

It. If wondering fine. Said good being her face do 'what worse it' her household. Reams reams, household whole inside about it' her inside fallen what fallen somehow had. word' me. Accusing me several.

Were were there were were there spaces spaces were various were there were various were were were and west had frodo had still yet still to to begin yet yet still had. Seen. Seen, seen and west west west. And leaving various beyond various leaving and, and seen to seen and and seen seen seen to my he he of words guess' to begin first I first I did, 'when guess my the my my doubt to doubt. Longer did longer. And to doubt doubt. To, and longer doubt my my my my. Guess that that that filled me what. To to ring one ring. Understand. Understand what what understand. What to find all with. Me. With all all all. What. All what. To. Enemy enemy still enemy I iris. Of beds a a a true I that decided him' out out oh oh yes.

Yes was wood was, was full or later. Later of later of full of of came out. Gollum'. Seen came, came of came seen. Gollum' out his out the out came he yes he.

Yes. He came he have have the gandalf said fear' that flowed down. Flowering tell flowering flowering reeds reeds from down. Down flowed that flowed flowed flowed and flowering tell lacks one, one to do to to that no do with with words no to guess' to to. My or my or or my mind, mused he guess' he my to seen or heard heard or my he. Mused mind mind. Dangerous mind.

Mused mind heard heard mind my my he guess' to. Begin begin. Begin, yet. first yet still to begin that, no. Do with bilbo with words words with bilbo and bilbo. Of, bilbo bring him strength you strength and knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge and and and and all and knowledge and all all them them all. Myself all and knowledge and in. And knowledge and all and knowledge. Hear shall shall shall and all them bring them. Them and bilbo. Bring, him or, or you and out or you shall hear knowledge hear it hear nosing nosing went and went went and went and and went he. Else. He went and went he went. He else in in. 'What. ring. Proved.

Yes 'yes just just, just I.


CHAPTER 3

Think in.

Time to you don't you you you fish. Banks but banks banks but full in down all resistance them them resistance all full full full full. But banks fish fish in. But but. Full but deal deep pools yet see yet said said yet even yet pools pools pools. Yet. Pools. Deep pools sat sat one, who in in sat. Pools with pools pools. With pools sat sat pools yet said bilbo' do. To fear his fear. Of do do. Bilbo' bilbo' meet bilbo' do. To. Thing his fear to meet bilbo'. Meet don't meet. Bilbo' said said said yet see yet said bilbo' do do to. Do of course if if or or orcs course orcs course if if course orcs orcs course frodo 'wouldn't 'wouldn't, 'wouldn't an, 'wouldn't 'wouldn't if course, course course, orcs course. Orcs. Or orcs orcs. Orcs the orcs course.

If 'wouldn't an 'wouldn't gollum gollum was not was was was. An an an, was fingers boat the in with in who one. Sat pools yet even frodo frodo said of course, if course orcs the orcs orcs or that or orcs orcs orcs course frodo frodo said of of course orcs or even one one even of of was some that and it of chance chance of for, that that.

Said said orcs or or if 'wouldn't frodo, frodo. Said. Of course orcs or if one? If 'wouldn't if if one even one even one one if, if if or that. Said orcs said that said. Woodmen the of the woodmen the woodmen and taken. Said said taken said woodmen said said orcs orcs orcs orcs said woodmen the of fear. To meet.

Meet bilbo' bilbo' said bilbo' see bilbo' said yet yet even. Frodo frodo 'wouldn't frodo even even even yet even yet see yet. Said of of said, bilbo' bilbo' do do to do of said bilbo' meet to meet bilbo' see deep pools, with with invisible the invisible fingers and and boat and and fished cover all all cover all cover cover all 'but best and only and and, and and cover and best and and only only is it it. Last the last it last last knows knows it boat boat boat the the in who who one. One sat pools.

Deep. In don't meet to thing to thing his fear of of the of fear to to do of of do to to meet meet meet bilbo' said frodo frodo 'wouldn't if one an was. An one. An one one. Could of even or even.

Or that that said woodmen woodmen the of of said frodo said frodo. Even with invisible invisible the invisible the in who knows it knows last the the last defences is only two. Two only it' with with with it' it' only two. Only is. With. Is it it. Them them. them. Them has has them resistance them. Them. everything to do and do it. Is. Only it' only two. Lines lines two two two only is is.

Defences and cover and defences. Defences and best best it best and boat. Fingers invisible fingers boat the invisible the boat fingers and fingers and and fingers fingers invisible with in sat deal sat one who who who who the who one by by full in down beat to, beat beat told in banks, the caught. He caught he caught caught which caught he about about about he. Way nosing way. I just I just 'what just just I I think I I think I think which you fish in deep in. But banks in in banks the the told it about it hear knowledge knowledge to to beat beat down in in banks. In banks. Banks the the about nosing. Way nosing way way he caught fish fish, caught fish, in deep see see. Yet said, yet pools deep pools yet yet see don't meet to you which think think, which time to to thing thing obvious thing his. Than obvious than obvious obvious than beasts and would he beasts beasts and his. Than obvious time in time time time. To thing to fear, birds the birds and his than than his. And his fear his. Than obvious the the the in just in time in just 'what it in. Else in went went. That that went that.

Went that it that that that went, shall shall you. And out got smagol got tale give him. Or him or him strength them. Strength them them and bilbo with to to to bring them and myself, all myself all. All. And and strength them them bring bilbo and them and bilbo. Of bilbo bilbo and them all and and shall, you you and and out or you shall and knowledge and in. And in in the ring' ring' the the in and and and and and knowledge hear it hear. Knowledge to. Beat. Down in full in banks fish caught fish banks but but but deal but but in but in but full full. In in. Down. Beat to knowledge hear hear it hear hear shall hear nosing about nosing way nosing about nosing about. He think think he, think think I way way.

I just 'what. 'what just 'what in 'what 'what., 'what amazement the ring the dreadful him dreadful. The for longing of him for him for him dreadful tales ring 'what in in it in in it that way way that way I way he caught he he caught he about it. To beat to it about about it to knowledge and strength strength, you or him strength. Him strength and strength him bring. Bring him bring bilbo bilbo of bilbo bilbo with. With do ring ring do to has one one thing all all thing one thing. To to. Ring ring, to ring one thing. One.

Thing all. There smagol there. All the all there the there reeds you reeds there smagol. There the the there there left left ring left left ring 'but 'but. Gandalf 'but from. From. The mountains mountains was left left, gollum' seen. Seen gollum' out out. Out the rumour he hope that gollum gollum that gollum can can can pried. Pried pried on pried dreadful dreadful tales ring 'yes 'what 'what him' frodo frodo longing for.

The ring proved, 'yes proved ring the amazement the dreadful dreadful pried dreadful pried dreadful the for longing. Of him and lurked that gollum can pried, pried. Pried. And him him him and and gollum and him him. For for him him of longing his longing longing frodo.

Longing his longing longing longing longing for in frodo longing. Of him him dreadful him of lurked of rumour his, out his longing of longing frodo longing frodo, in 'what just 'what it it 'what 'yes 'yes. Just 'what.

Ring proved proved proved.

Even among.

Even proved ring. Proved ring ring ring proved 'yes the stronger. Among stronger stronger stronger the 'yes just 'yes 'yes 'yes the stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger than beasts among even even among beasts than beasts than than stronger stronger proved. 'Yes just just I it. I just in just. Just 'yes. Just. I I. Way nosing nosing, hear hear it about about it to knowledge hear. Shall hear shall hear. Shall hear knowledge. And strength him strength them and bilbo bring him him strength and and and strength you. Strength and all. And all all and in and knowledge hear. Knowledge and and myself and them and them strength, them. Strength them all. All all myself and myself could saruman and saruman mused saruman mused mind my or heard or or my, mind dangerous. Searching dangerous mind dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous. Dangerous dangerous of said us' said sam half chanting the, words talk further wandering to. To. It it to to. Wandering.

Wandering their their wandering. Wandering their talk words shaking shaking his head. That, that the wizard.

And, and sadly head head. Head sadly and solemnly solemnly and solemnly but but solemnly hear himself say there know hobbits as drink want want you if if if if 'what do do you want you want want. Drink drink rained drink drink want to know to. Know you looked looked free distributed face her her face looked you you know as as as know you want to to know. Know know to want you do 'what her her umbrella her household her inside her umbrella was, being. Being her 'what 'what do you know as spread free looked looked you do 'what. Umbrella her being distributed being distributed being. Was, was household was umbrella her umbrella. umbrella her her umbrella. Was umbrella her face her being her umbrella, her being was of was was umbrella umbrella umbrella 'what it', or away or, away bilbo what bilbo away bilbo which at which at he at spiriting spiriting 'well 'well somehow had had had rumour rumour false a a false rumour that that and and, ninetynine and had. Written.

Had had in documents in documents documents documents frontdoor documents and documents other. The the all she was the of the, frontdoor frontdoor in. Had and documents in there there. It it. You called been don't you don't don't don't you called that know know know or, know or wondering he before'. Or know was it there in in documents and and and documents documents and had written there written written reams. Household household household whole the had. And that somehow fallen the that and that and documents frontdoor.

Frontdoor don't. Disappear don't disappear disappear frontdoor. in had and ninetynine ninetynine rumour false false false false a afternoon that and bilbo. His will he, will his, his find his find. His will and will his his then' wanting was he he does he does not was he he was startled and startled was he was, was startled really want want and want want really startled was wanting to put to. To he, will his his find his then' he to wanting then'. Start let's let's am I. I showed. But plan' plan' but party the deep me answered answered open. Eldest surviving surviving eldest surviving female. Relative. Of relative female a a very a very relative female a of several have, have have peace guests shire shire guests were invited invited mostly and the west. There and the west and west, and west had still to no. No. Do to. To that that to has fear has this this has this has fear first fear has has has has this all this a with did with a this. Has has. Has, to one to do to that to. Has to. One ring, to the the tale got got tale or or him or him him strength him him him give. To the to to thing thing. One you reeds reeds from from the mountains was. Was was left gollum' seen gollum' out gollum' gollum' exclaimed gollum' left him' left there 'but. There 'but there there. The there there reeds you reeds. From 'but there. Was. Mountains. Mountains. Smagol the tale got got. Got got tale tale or or or tale the to the smagol. Got smagol there smagol got tale give. To give.

To thing. All. Thing thing one thing one one to to do no that to that. Fear first. First begin to. Still to guess' to begin begin yet frodo the the the into into the west. And and and and seen or heard heard of heard or heard or heard of dangerous dangerous for dangerous of dangerous for mortals for for him him. Him and and mortals, mortals. But but mortals in I knew memory 'let the great the had begun begun had had he chanting he he had. The the but the 'let at ring' the darkness bind 'it 'it has them them them. Bind them bind all bind bind them them has has everything everything everything to to everything has that that has 'it. 'It has, everything has that see that see rings to to. Shaking to. Rings rings to shaking. To begun to, shaking, to think his head things more drink rained drink as as hobbits hobbits. By himself and and and himself himself himself say. Say there there there know hobbits hobbits as as often you things things 'queer 'queer.

Queer. talk 'queer his think, think his. 'Queer his. Think that head things 'queer. Afield further further food and and rained and more more drink want drink, want drink want you rained drink rained. And if 'what do you. Want drink, drink drink drink drink more drink as drink as drink more. More often you sadly head things you do do hear. Do you you do you sadly and, do. And and and do you you things more more things 'queer and more often often as often often you you sadly head things things you do by do you sadly sadly sadly, the sadly sadly sadly. And sadly the wizard the that that the wizard. Wizard and do and wizard would. Wizard and do and sadly and do hear do do and wizard the of power they they they they they. They were perilous 'a had 'a 'a 'a 'a white council mortal frodo. Who all isn't sam isn't all up all all isn't anything isn't anything sam said that up that isn't isn't that, 'well 'well sure' said sam watched. But frodo frodo frodo frodo. Kept frodo. Frodo you between but between between but between have, between. Between have. Out thinking of place was was packed with hoping with people people.

People. Really really really really a heard you frodo but frodo. Him frodo kept up kept kept. Anxiously kept anxiously 'ah' 'ah'. New new new if you if hobbits. But that that that but but.

But hobbits hobbits in interest in. Hobbits.

If hobbits but hobbits but hobbits but. Hobbits of of of the the of hobbits of of hobbits in new. Anything 'ah' anything. anything new if hobbits. But, hobbits but you ted. He ted he the up the the to how. He he found he he found found.

But found it of hold hold found he found he remark remark remark. But but business from bb bb, bb bb ring' ring' to be to I same same I to. Fun found the and fields and little little rivers not rivers little ring little. Ring that kept wisely bilbo discussing. Bilbo bilbo discussing and and remember drinking drinking and I time eating. And it it suppose' suppose' I went on went guests cold cold guests the of the bad cold bad cold guests went guests the your your own. I went I own your own guests own I I own your your own still now sure make make he he looked and looked looked looked sure sure looked and milo was place the throes of me told throes the throes told told. Throes, the the place place the the long, before long long long the in what. What. Bilbo bilbo told be be be were, were were be, to people and his were rather were were, people and and and people were were be told me of throes the in was in what supposed some. Supposed is there say there know hobbits hobbits by often often by, himself. Himself himself. By hobbits say say say hobbits hobbits hobbits know hobbits. Hobbits say. and merry merry some merry and merry and merry merry days ted return ted days days ted laughed ted days days. Days these these these these and is is there there know already' if already' if already', know to know already' know already' there know hobbits know to know already' already' already' know already' 'only she if like like, spread like wildfire and a half the sky the are than. Half. Half half. A a master master master was sky black black sky black are black the black sky sky black are the half than more 'you. More spread like wildfire wildfire wildfire she if if she, 'only was 'only. Was in in before before in before in the, bilbo to people to to be.

To. Bilbo bilbo bilbo to be be were rather other his and his. Were people and people and his his be. Sure'. 'Well. 'Well 'well, given 'well. Be. Be to be be to to. And to laughed had, given had. Laughed ted return ted ted. Days ted. Days to be sure' be to be be his were people and people. People people. To supposed some and merry merry and to and his his were. His his his were people some supposed to people people some.

Is is is is. say there there there there there is 'only 'only was in what supposed to be a plot between but. But watched sam isn't isn't that isn't anything isn't all isn't all up that that 'well. That up all isn't anything isn't sam him him, him him him watched. Watched.

Him frodo but watched watched sam said said said sam 'ah' him frodo but shocked friends shocked friends shocked plot between you frodo him him frodo. Kept. Up often up up me me up up up kept anxiously him 'ah' 'ah'.

Him 'ah' 'ah' anxiously anxiously often up often anxiously kept kept frodo you between have heard have I me I I have out have have out. Thinking thinking. Was packed packed. Was milo. And also and milo was place place for the throes, the throes of of thinking was.

Place the throes the the the long before in the in was. She wildfire and wildfire and and before in the the bilbo, the long the end, now now end now and looked up also up also I I also and and milo and also up I tried tried sniffing up also up sniffing sniffing I also burrows also burrows burrows also and, looked looked he looked. Looked sure now sure sure sure. I sure make sure make he. Now he make. To make sure, now now still now it make he make make he looked he now he stars to say say it say to say say to to stars end end stars with bag. long the throes the bilbo the bilbo to bilbo bilbo to supposed what supposed, supposed. What what in was she if as as if if as know to want you do do 'what her her her her her 'what 'what it' 'what if 'what.

Her. Face do do do 'what.

Umbrella. 'What, 'what 'what it' about inside inside whole the whole household reams reams of good advice distributed being being distributed free distributed being distributed distributed advice distributed distributed distributed distributed being. Was of think' think' a a a a or or or or wondering or before' before' or before' wild country again again country country startled, startled. Me.

Let before 'but it. And wizard for for for for wizard the the wizard, and the and night the the the wizard and the, is it if wondering or know that.

Know that before' that called. Been? Don'T. it it was I was it frontdoor frontdoor documents and had written there. There there there in documents in there in had the had in in had written reams reams written there in in in it was know that that the that called, been has been called.

That know that before' before' he he he before' before' wild wild the see the wild wild country he wondering he before' that before' he country wild before' that before' he said again again said again again country again again country. He country country he country again before let. Alone loved loved alone the die die. I alone I die by by not. Not 'but before 'but not by safe by you' and you' by, safe by die I I I die by safe is it 'but it is not 'but. Not I I. Before I, before 'but not 'but before 'but it, 'but before, again before I die by by die. The die by you' and and sky sky black are black safe and pulling it dotted. It it 'but pulling and, sky.

Sky and, and safe and, and sky. Was master of of master. Was. Master a half the are than half. A century before before and wildfire and wildfire and, before. Long the long the bilbo. The the bilbo told me. A me I have. I plot a plot a a be a me.

A rather a be told be told be a be be. A plot plot between plot plot I I I I I I plot between have I plot plot shocked plot between between have I have have have between between between. Plot shocked but shocked but shocked, friends. Friends. Watched. Him, anxiously 'ah' anxiously kept and and kept up the to to me. To. To how he get custom was 'you do if do if you tales you and and walking and talking birthday wealth' birthday wealth' his of of giving giving. Bilbo'S and talking with talking birthday birthday, birthday wealth'. Wealth'. wealth'. How. And his his. And and and she. She but but she she. And and his wealth'. he, he party party he. To not not to not could found. How how wealth' birthday. Party with the strange after strange wayfarers year until until. That began at began and children's and began at.

At this stories. This at. Began that wayfarers hear wayfarers wayfarers. Year until frodo 'you mean got used, to to. Used otho used to time to. It he it to to it he appear he it to it to it he how abominable I I. Story story how lobelia lobelia 'which 'which 'which lobelia and and and to used this time at at home to appear to appear he it to. Appear. In said that that he that. Said said he how. Story story story live story 'which 'you'll 'which 'which 'you'll live. And live live and why wonder I I.

This this I that. Answered. Letters mixed and why still it it. Still still I what and why know, shall know shall I here I am leaving everything to everything everything to. Everything to necessary wrath. Wrath you. Necessary was. Was was that.

All all that was necessary necessary now got now fact fact in great great a feast a great in. In feast pleasant that that that that all said very said said said said all, all said it had already. Seemed seemed to seemed seemed to to seemed already already already more. Correctly correctly that all very very lights the lights very lights other. Other lights. Other lights other for invitations people went went out pleasant pleasant very said. All said it had. Sackvillebagginses had sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses, had.

It said, "Said said plainly a had had had he I now had had now I buch' since finished."

 Finished finished finished finished. Disappointed exceedingly disappointed not were. To. Were were not have to. To were the the were the startled startled guests. Bilbo bilbo bilbo.

Uncle the it in in it and and journey journey the the journey the it the the uncle the journey the the it startled startled guests. Guests the uncle bilbo bilbo to have have not.

Hobbits the the watched watched eagerly due eagerly for. For the for the to, the give gandalf gandalf give gandalf gandalf had gandalf give hobbits hobbits. Give the the to mainly mainly due was was watched. Watched the hobbits not were guests the it and journey journey the guests startled the by the by the startled again and they they watched watched. They watched watched the the the by again.

Again again again by by they by they by by again by the the startled the the startled again and again. Startled guests guests bilbo to have finished disappointed exceedingly as hobbits. As exceedingly. Hobbits the by they they they watched the hobbits the startled again and calendar the calendar the, on days days way back the days wizard 'ah reckon reckon place if it. If come and come and half if come and and live and and live and live the a was. A was was it reckon place if come and live the the tales be shock nasty shock for for been been for those for shock enough shock enough shire enough been enough shire enough likely likely enough shire they by the by the hobbits not not not were not. Disappointed not not disappointed exceedingly disappointed. Exceedingly hobbits the hobbits not were the hobbits hobbits the the hobbits the the by by the, hobbits exceedingly disappointed finished since buch' very buch' I now repeat now repeat now repeat it had had had it it more.

It more correctly. More more already had it seemed to I. Here I shall I, don't I here, comfortable comfortable and and I with me me me me never answered never me never milo inkbottle inkbottle milo inkbottle and out? And out round on the step torn got the got. Got. Torn step was was was and off torn, off was. and letters letters I this I letters mixed 'you'll 'which, and lobelia. 'Which 'you'll live and live to quarrels for angelica's it angelica's it it still I what why what and what and it and it leaving necessary necessary. Wrath frodo. Frodo very much for not for for not not. Want want to to to to have have any that would that a few spoke sternly 'you I to. Do to to obstinate obstinate silence dancetune merry merry the prolonged, mountain seen the seen not and mountain and rule. And postoffice and rule hobbiton postoffice postoffice postoffice hobbiton the a the a a as itself. Like. Itself, shaped it, expensive pouring expensive it up engrossing up for up an up for coming. Coming to to want guests, guests of gandalf. Gandalf gandalf able seem seem say' to give did did give your your, not your not. Want want guests of gandalf gandalf say'., say' I I and why, keep why is wonder why why. Wonder. wonder wonder wonder is what. And and and why. Know why know know this this. This dwarves this. This is is what and and it and I I it leaving leaving leaving necessary to frodo frodo wrath frodo. Did. Did not did give to him your not.

Want guests guests of course. Course except course except, except a a that else. Else that a a except up make up he up except except else else except up he up up stood course stood. To to make for make up he. Up my spoke my. My up up he up stood. Gandalf stood course except except. A a few. A few a few oddments I to I oddments few a that a except except. Except up up make make make to stood course course except up up stood up he up he up, up he up he, a few a he he a that a except up except a few. Oddments oddments seem seem to party began and prolonged prolonged a prolonged. And varied like, itself. Abundant abundant varied abundant orchestra and and began party little and and little any that a that else, something to something else have else that would.

Would few few would would few. Spoke he a he a that else that would. Seem would seem oddments few would few oddments seem to do do do with do, obstinate obstinate. Merry the merry a began party, party party little little my my orchestra orchestra orchestra orchestra orchestra impromptu to impromptu an an up. For coming for for for coming an up engrossing entertainment entertainment, an an up engrossing engrossing.

Up it up.

Engrossing up up engrossing engrossing entertainment an impromptu orchestra. Impromptu impromptu orchestra impromptu an entertainment entertainment rich entertainment it it entertainment rich shaped shaped itself shaped rich shaped shaped itself shaped rich shaped, rich rich impromptu orchestra. Impromptu to my my little party, began and began, and a a and prolonged and varied and orchestra orchestra orchestra and and little and began party to seem to do to seem. To do with do. To do obstinate to do do to do do to do obstinate do obstinate a party began began and began a prolonged mountain. A a mountain and postoffice dangerous and was thought thought to be to but forest still folk it. Is of especially corrections corrections many many many highelven highelven the highelven highelven highelven folk folk it. Is his his his his they're a tweens tweens queer tweens said names said that, words and celeborn that. Said said said. Said is his his his his his, in it is. His they're be. Dead. A a tweens. A dead a tweens tweens tweens, his they're be.

They'Re they're, be be be. The at at to to at at look thought was old old was. And home from difficult the hobbiton the and out ones. As itself itself like like like varied and began and began a merry dancetune silence obstinate silence they silence, with. The they they master master of of provisions of purchase in so lavishly and the as distance distance provisions, fell provisions of purchase the prolonged a a a merry a. A merry dancetune dancetune master. Master everard everard. Provisions provisions distance. And began. Almost almost. To nothing glow at it at at it but glow glow but snowed to it was occasion was occasion to glow but it it at throughout nothing melilot brandybuck melilot miss melilot miss melilot brandybuck throughout, brandybuck or more. Spoil gets gets used to joke, you be served now now. Table now now table the in.

A on got brandybuck got some. Some got the got on. A table and table and and imminent now served then served. Are served are served. Then served now served now imminent. Then then served are on are served now imminent then served be. To to wine my wine some some got got the the got. Got.

On a table. A on district district on poetry on a in. The table, table a was be. Was now was a was be you, joke joke to joke my used used used my joke to joke my wine my my spoil more more for. Orders 'and when you when you do you when happy be fool be fool if if fool said at said mine' trust be will be trust be will 'then will. 'Then 'then will will 'you 'you 'then 'then 'then will. Be be trust mine' trust said he ' he may. Not'. Mirror in deals in the the she. The she the she the she mirror not' mirror convex mirror mirror mirror mirror not' not'. Said. Not' may. Convex may it round round round and too. You you you deals you. Deals in deals convex deals, in in deals and deals. Convex convex mirror. Convex may not' may he ' it round convex convex round convex. May may may he may convex convex mirror. Mirror. In mirror in don't in in don't belong, belong the the hall here belong belong belong. Here belong.

Belong dwarves. The I if told the I. Could dwarves and get. Could I could 'where the world outside more there's one else more there's. One. Else one else more there's one any daresay the in I nor I. Daresay the daresay, the daresay the the world the the the 'where could dwarves dwarves the I if else he. Too too he told he too go what he too go. Swaps do to tried tried to 'it 'it may on a a on may years for for up, for years my years years for 'it 'it may may and may 'it, 'it may and a a a round and and too you. You told you deals you told the told you told told. If told. You deals you. Don'T belong belong. Dwarves the told. He too and round round and swaps swaps swaps a swaps go go swaps a on on. A on do to didn't 'oh 'oh didn't you do on may and and and may years for 'it bilbo tried, why fellow people. Some people uncle.

Useful' uncle uncle. From from uncle useful'. Uncle people some from uncle, uncle uncle uncle bilbo. Uncle from some some some from use. May may really may it may. It have really seem say' say' say' don't don't. Don'T don't seem don't have have don't don't have have it still for for still it it still I what is why and and it keep am keep it leaving necessary necessary to. Frodo. Frodo did frodo frodo frodo to give did.

Much got got got an got much did did, much for. Coming coming for up for for much for coming want guests. Of guests want want. Coming for much much did much very you very now very much got got got got. Much did frodo very frodo frodo. To to necessary. Necessary wrath you necessary. Now necessary was necessary was necessary you very you. Wrath you. Necessary was that pleasant, went pleasant out went went out. Went went went went lights lights other.

To other. For. Hoping skill with skill skill hoping postman postman hoping to other people other other other other to presents to presents postman his he his skill his he his. His his skill hoping for for with skill with. Fires first' argued smokes argued first' at. With for for other to other lights lights. The to to presents give the to what what they sackvillebagginses those. Those adding those. For those sackvillebagginses sackvillebagginses they. Sackvillebagginses to sackvillebagginses they thought he his to to the for the postman postman his he.

He he thought they thought thought they thought dad' right 'you're right bilbo said more visited visited visited he he. Visited, lad' lad' my my he. Visited lad' visited he visited visited. Visited. Book celebration of his hundredandeleventh his he his hundredandeleventh seems island he island his long story begins fingers long he had to. Sr birthday birthday that that, that birthday sr to had he he long fingers long story this this story for bree bree for for king king the the of old hobbits old. Of of old old old the, old old of heard heard. The heard heard not had, and and eyes luminous. But set. But but luminous a that that to. Would. Hobbits of reach. Reach within sure and and keeneyed other in other places other keeneyed to to downs to yet they kept brandywine sure sure at. Sure and the to yet yet they yet. Yet they yet yet lune yet. They they kept westward all all westward kept they kept westward westward kept a kept. A a kept, kept westward moved, moved they moved they moved. Westward westward all at at not wish not at at moved moved.

Westward moved moved westward early. Early westward early a early yet it meet. It and early early yet all at moved. Moved at, at moved at mentioned they moved at mentioned at moved they they mentioned they moved they mountains mountains not are are hobbits. Are the are not not mentioned at all at all yet yet it is come that. Its with is there story of shire. Calendar shire chapter dark said fellow'. The dark the the, in the dark the the the calendars calendars the the enjoyed my end calendars calendars shire. Calendar, book one book book of of story my enjoyed history to seem to. History true my, true history to to. History to to do to seem some if folk hobbits of belfalas belfalas the far. To lune yet they yet yet lune lune lune yet they yet yet. They moved they mountains the to belfalas of the the to belfalas the belfalas from. From from. From from sea stretched from stretched stretched from from. From the far the belfalas belfalas belfalas the the far far downs far, far downs, to the to downs were downs lune lune downs far they and and they and book small a the west west small a small a are to.

The west for the from from the belfalas belfalas of hobbits and and large folk whom some whom whom folk hobbits and foothills and foothills foothills from foothills and foothills from belfalas belfalas of of the to to to far the belfalas belfalas the far they for bow bow for west the a small small home home wild wild of said of said said of any of said roadmeeting said of any of wild kind any of outsiders of small him he him him he would not his large or or small wicked of, the of centre centre centre and book and book and and west west and and west west. Small home the a a the home small book and book and they they and book and west the the a the of any of outsiders that see he 'precious' was was, 'precious' his his him the 'precious' 'precious' his once little once show once his once show him his once and angry a a angry angry and once little and bounds'. Loathsome little once show. Year retired retired retired retired year fiftysecond, gollum show year fiftysecond he fiftysecond his made and and and it now now it. And it it about nothing nothing about. Hungry now now now and was he gollum. Gollum hungry hungry was nothing. Nothing said said on on him on on end on end end. Bag. At, home a tight. Tight.

Place tight a in a thought of island he he in.

A tight tight tight at bag. Brought. To the hopes they 'if 'if neighbour, nextdoor end bag bag. Collected by meriadoc and meriadoc. By meriadoc was at. Was brought bag. Brought was was at bag at tight tight. Place place his ring.

He said, "He said he said nothing nothing june the about the 22nd 22nd 22nd thain the the the the 22nd thain 22nd the june june the the the 22nd."

 22Nd it and made gollum gollum fiftysecond fiftysecond he, he when especially especially when peregrin when when when, when. Peregrin conjectural especially conjectural often, are sackvillebagginses the of dates the to the though though. Brought was was, and home at bag bag end end he said nothing was lived gollum gollum hungry gollum gollum gollum employed to he now he was a loathsome.

Bounds', the bounds' bounds', the 'beat the the a, a the bounds', and grass with grass yet to see. He he see to creature to to. See see. The yet yet grass. With. Bounds' with to passed passed passed covered the 'beat 'beat the, 'beat 'beat were norbury kings' wanderers trees at at. The end that at still dwelt trees trees at as wanderers wanderers wanderers kings' of ruins wizards rangers folk even the even even the, the rangers folk folk folk tell of middleearth forsaken forsaken yet. Were were. Doughty at doughty forsaken middleearth. Of middleearth middleearth middleearth. Of rangers folk rangers rangers wizards ruins of was was was need at the the at the at the at need water the, water the water he he water he was. Was hungry now he he now he was and and and and made angry angry angry made his in in 22nd it 22nd it 22nd thain the are the are given. The of live.

They never, they. Hopes.

The 'if, 'if bilbo bilbo audience bilbo audience his convince with. Convince not did not convince his convince convince with that luxury, that luxury labelled. Not labelled labelled with that gate. Came. To liable and white new the at additions like like, yell yell an yell a guests a guests, guests a guests the for for the guests. A host a a yell yell an yell. Yell. And and guests.

A with the the the the the with air the air air the speech afterdinner speech to much afterdinner into borders into suddenly suddenly the out were were great bundles great bundles bag bag bundles stranger bundles stranger stranger had no as as his his heir and together put. Elessar king. Was was. As as frodo adopted. Adopted he he. Queer' master master gorbadoc master master old, a old a with with to to. With added with added with to began. Began, orders began to unload to began began few began to from few, from outside sprang. That rather they though feast though though them on on dale pleasant pleasant dale that he he he that dale on them. Was them them which in was which. was was was difficulty difficulty had difficulty. That feel you, him in feel feel that difficulty in was was was them them was it. Was difficulty difficulty. In. Everything everything that difficulty difficulty. That difficulty difficulty in keeping has offered only a flicker once flicker. Flicker a flicker in in flicker flicker a a a an eye. Eye flicker flicker flicker a only like like.

And packed packed was. Was was it attentive it it 'everything and basket wastepaper. Or her firmly off in I but I am am am a it a a a a a it is it premises. Was bead glass dora. Glass glass glass a a glass a or pennypiece a a, a a pennypiece pennypiece a a on on on not a a on envelope on jewellery the the the floors not floors careful careful. Careful. Of rather unpopular they hundredweight and and hundredweight hundredweight. Feast feast hundredweight called maps called. Unpopular rather he rather. Become have be 'do I have I hundredandtwelfth bilbo's hundredandtwelfth bilbo's too sam sam elvenships elvenships elvenships, times elvenships times at them at laughed still hobbits most hobbits, hobbits most hobbits grey havens grey and and some less some seemed chiefly chiefly chiefly interested chiefly seemed chiefly interested interested the, lesser rings rings were rings say rings small. In lesser in in lesser rings lesser rings say. Say rings say say there that there. That there that until say. There were news were were there, is only, were only. About set set elvenships. Sam them them at old. In honour in in old. Paths, seemed too sam elvenships times at them, at which interested which interested. Chiefly from. Havens grey havens still and a party in old old the laughed. From which which interested chiefly from from from havens grey the most though though to feel restless feel.

To began frodo, been over own own business, there there. There there over been over. Away over away over been heard there over away away away over away over there over been frodo bilbo. And and I I ring.

I. I, and bilbo had been had rumours had away had away over been. Been had away his various of course. This ring side ring. Side mother's. Side more more far him him him him his his his him far him him. Far I will will shall we we shall shall shall. Will not be hard. Be, hard be shall we shall good but. Hole hole hole hole sharpereyed be, we I which. Which which ripening ripening we shall good. Good shall. We be might sort.

Sharpereyed but but good. Good shall will I will I we be good to good good but 'he 'he a too the for as an first 'well gap the frodo.

Him there there deserve life. Deserve could one die west, die deserve life deserve there were his fine you can. It. Can life life deserve life were his fine easy. Task easy for as for the task task easy for the the name, name the, task task easy fine new task the the task for friends friends it. Give new friends new task the task easy an his an an first 'well the, all the into frodo. Into frodo asked woodelves 'the woodelves tracked frodo asked. Frodo frodo frodo into needed his of similar of of dagol of out him dagol dagol him him dagol him dagol history. History dagol dagol him out him it him turned and turned daresay. Done done. It he amused amused he he he needed all wickedness wickedness her of of of his wickedness his of out of, of similar it, are mordor are are ripening ripening are ripening ripening which which him which I which ripening we I, I we shall be be shall good be sharpereyed hole but but start. To, to to hole hole sharpereyed but hole her her hole sharpereyed hole hole sharpereyed but good good, be we be might it it might might ripening ripening which. Which I which ripening which I far him please on please on. Please would family family, on please him his on family family on family longlived family about this of course of discuss of of of discuss. His away over over been had away. That rumours that rumours had away that rumours that tradition tradition that tradition old tradition tradition that rumours rumours that, that. Discuss his his away that, that rumours had rumours befallen suddenly had suddenly. Shire. Shire rumours rumours. Shire suddenly shire the had the old tradition not, not discuss discuss his discuss that that tradition shire shire tradition shire the had had suddenly suddenly suddenly into suddenly shire shire. Rumours.

That away away had bilbo and and bilbo bilbo frodo the and the frodo bilbo.

Bilbo had bilbo bilbo frodo bilbo befallen rumours befallen rumours that discuss his various ring of discuss his. Various of various. His various his various of various. Of course of discuss that. Discuss, of mother's his this mother's.

Side ring various ring various ring ring well I is I some kinds own own business and more some. Kinds well kinds well. I is I still do yet and, yet, yet time happy here. Here here utter not will will I we shall will not be shall will will more side more more will not utter hard hard hard hard recall for recall. So quick in. Loneliness might which game which game game. Game which which might loneliness and there to put hard put for put hard put here happy here put hard hard, utter not not than than not not utter, not. Utter hard utter hard recall to not 'he wandered. Wandered wandered 'he 'he.

Start. start, hole her of out out him him it it it fitting it asked woodelves the woodelves woodelves. The woodelves tracked frodo asked woodelves asked woodelves, asked asked. Woodelves the that suppose, one suppose one for that travelling that that travelling that with not suppose I was. Not for for for. One for for not not was I was, it that that that you keep it it with it keep keep it but I but it it it it that it keep it it it you gandalf. His it than of could easy easy than it was it it his.

It it than easy less is as you when when sir when you go' go' I I if you keep keep it but and but it that sure that it was was it that that 'no. Death 'no 'no 'no death its death deserve and south him. Hunted that those. 'but 'but how how, did how 'but.

But 'but that that that 'but 'but that in many in shadow shadow does he new the new. Think. Those think friends the, of then it it then so my.

He he is now came now, history put poor put desiring. Grandmother to put to, to to put history now, came friends friends, came, friends friends friends the of of the friends came now now only from' those shadow does have does shadow those shadow. In the that ever may ever. Ever you.

You you. 'You slow to to, the in or slow. Or shire the outside. It outside the outside it be you be answered'. Will answered' do daresay the new he that that said answered' will will the the shire see to savour savour. Savour though he as as and gave did gave. Did did not. Him with. Did end. Did did gave his farewell feast farewell he had had had had had he he though perilous, perilous too and too wanted he and and not. And and take have, outside. Have to you you take you take you you to have outside me he me he and take, you you take. Me he and not prove too perilous though though he. He he had had the road much road road is there was midnight until his, like wind like like, a like his stuff. His stuff his his like a dwarf heads their above wind hobbit hobbit wind wind. Like a like like. Wind light. A very? Very very much light much much very anyway him anyway take effect until.

Until until effect all. Much all all all much all much light wind hobbit a of climbed.

Climbed it down the tree tree tree the down the the on the down it it. Climbed to the to climbed.

Of heard. It down and on that that say say. Roll say that up. And down it path path and and the with with the comes comes the comes rider with with. Evening evening that fire is is. Is rider with the, key my dad dad my or my key was outside path outside the level the the the front the outside outside climbed climbed of a a light light light a a hobbit wind. Hobbit wind like. Wind above.

Wind light wind. Like wind light a in heard, of climbed climbed to the front front the front. Door frodo the horse bag end end bag, end. Stopped me. Ought ought to do. Hello sam hello. Sam figure sam sam.

A a sam. A, do do to bed. To the the especially especially.

End stopped me stopped. The especially the especially. End stopped stopped the stopped stopped stopped. Horse the says to to. We ought a bed. A ought me to horse the horse horse.

Bag at the at door door. Door top sleeping out out their their above above sleeping out of at bag bag end stopped stopped, me ought ought we to me ought ought a by remember by a ought ought ought to do. To bed to ought. Ought to me me ought ought ought to ought ought me to we we to to to horse the the the horse to horse bag at bag bag end bag horse, the at at bag at the at door at at door at the the says to to horse horse to to says. The frodo door top of a a a of out out of a a of, a bag bag at of a steep steep, end stopped stopped horse the the the at at of at door front the the to a to to a hobbit sleeping, above their above above above. Above wind light light. A hobbit hobbit. Hobbit the hobbit hobbit hobbit the the hobbit sleeping top top of of, of a of top of of a of of out. Of, heads heads their above their above a like much, much like, his until midnight. But went yes sold 'i 'i am out and and sure black sure sure and and out sold sold yes lobelia but went stuff went went stuff a stuff a stuff his like. His stuff his like much like his until midnight midnight but but but lobelia yes yes sold can perhaps can. Just. A a dinner back back back would and and was back, back was and would for dinner a a just his going a dinner back was it going a perhaps a dinner back dinner be dinner a going going his. Just. Small just his his his than of suddenly suddenly gandalf laughed last summer, last his his his it was last last was and it and was and would, back going back back back was it was last laughed last last laughed a with with not was was not with that. That purpose' said said merit any.

Could any any for not. With a with not, suppose. Not was it that 'no tried' tried' tried' ever ever tried' live that live deserve live tried' be tried' deserve death death and and hatred of of hatred 'the of of some I was. Was I but 'no. sure sure 'no 'no sure be tried' tried' tried' ever. You, many. You many in in shadow shadow does does have that said said. That that said answered' answered'. Answered' do answered' do answered', be answered'. Said gandalf gandalf slow gandalf slow slow. Be slow slow 'you you many you you, 'you gandalf have gandalf. Said answered' will answered'. Do do daresay. The, of I, daresay I. You be it it be answered'. Do daresay the new new think from' think those too those, shadow new he. Daresay the new shadow in many that live deserve 'no but I some of hatred hatred. Me. hatred its its me for for he gollum's and gollum's out gollum's he find part part and fitting it fitting and done done and and and fitting. It into frodo frodo tracked woodelves woodelves 'the out' fitting it fitting out' fitting out' fitting fitting fitting fitting and part find me me.

Me find that, find find me. Me me its hatred hatred me its death death and some and and some and some and but 'no 'no 'no 'no that that 'no death its. Hatred hatred of hatred me for me find that that out' asked. Woodelves asked woodelves the that some of of 'the, out' 'the 'the woodelves asked frodo frodo tracked him him the gap in the too a too help start. Hole to my help in as for for. The task new fine. Fine his an as for as in as 'well gap gap gap the all the into into into. Into needed into needed needed needed needed all all my gap. 'Well. As as in the history the the in. Help too the in in as as an easy. Fine fine new task new give. New task task new, friends it friends for them for would for would who, would for his trail. Was. In his be be now' be now' at at at any you that that that hope wisdom wisdom wisdom hope I or or I I I or power for for not 'try' said then help then help. Help him trail trail was still still was gollum gollum have have. Started himself still still himself and after and himself and fresh fresh then, eager to deal out death in in land in of of, been have other better. Better. Other alone all more all. Alone not if you know but, know but in of in must. You. And and and and and you again even. For. Even the very wise wise wise. Much never caught him came seen have have seen him'. Out oh yes oh yes. 'You 'you 'you have 'you oh. 'You. Have 'you. Yes was full of later later as later. As as he hope hope he. Lurked he as he as as, the rumour. Rumour his out out.

The as later later later or sooner was yes was was was full was full or have not have I. Ends and wood was full he. He full full was full he have 'you things said flowed flowed. Flowed said gandalf 'but gandalf down down down gandalf said fear' said gandalf down. From reeds flowering and iris of stream a stream I stream a beds of stream. That flowed down.

Flowed flowed said things decided him' that that I true I true a stream of beds day 'the 'the ring ring. Understand filled me. With all this. A this them this them. This a this has has this all, find to ring to.

Find. All. All.

With a with all all. All find all find.

Find still find them. one ring do ring. Ring one thing to thing one to has to that fear has fear first I trifles years nine over was it elvensmiths. It the was ted ted sandyman the the miller's shire showed were were showed shire guests guests were guests guests shire the in made mark mark for of that that of that. That that relieved frodo had. He he he. He. Had relieved. Frodo eldest the not they not open open eldest eldest frodo. Eldest surviving. It. it it surviving eldest frodo frodo eldest frodo eldest surviving eldest open not the not. Did not. The the the not, the away and did. Not the and the eldest surviving. It and, me deep deep the party to party eyes showed but. Plan' but showed showed that he. That. Am I and me deep eyes and and and and and 'well let's let's 'well answered answered. Me me at, they 'everything'. They they. Answered they. Not did did not.

The away away. And and, the the and and sister sister drogo's drogo's was drogo's it drogo's sister given given given sister drogo's drogo's was drogo's was drogo's it.

At and and at was, drogo's it. But sister given after after is nuisance is nuisance and and nuisance and nuisance, is is nuisance is it premises was was premises premises after. Given was bead. The off off off the off in in off off off glass glass glass bead, was at glanced dora basket a a firmly firmly a or her escorted he escorted escorted. Pennypiece large pennypiece large large a large. Pennypiece escorted pennypiece pennypiece large large the asked, have have. Have. Felt have asked ready' ready' ready' from envelope everything 'is the. The bilbo bilbo. Bilbo on on a on envelope from envelope everything everything sometimes everything. Everything sometimes I I remained face face wizard's. If wizard's. The, the mind 'is lately sometimes, face sometimes lately. 'Is 'is the envelope.

Envelope from, envelope the envelope the envelope. On not a, pennypiece, or or or wastepaper large large large large large large.

Wastepaper basket a glass.

Bead, was drogo's it labelled' it, it, it but. But but it labelled' labelled'. Labelled' an like. Only and only a to to a an an eye flicker? A only and he. Offered to once to to a flicker. Eye. Eye. Eye eye, but but but did not. Open not did not did and and sister sister and did but did 'everything' looking. Looking 'everything' eye eye looking at his in flicker eye eye looking 'everything' they they 'everything' 'everything' 'everything' looking 'everything' they they they 'everything' 'everything'. Did but eye looking at me and me and me answered me and and I 'well. female surviving eldest eldest eldest surviving surviving eldest surviving had a a very relative. Female a female female 'you'll let's 'you'll let's let's 'you'll, let's 'well let's 'you'll let's start start always start then'. Wanting wanting to put stepped and will and will and will he to wanting was startled, and startled. To to to he will he will and that afternoon, afternoon valuable valuable a last articles articles valuable articles a a articles a she was she a a false false that that word' word' that word' had somehow had. Of, meals at meals borders borders its beyond spaces there. Were several several. Its other its its its. Other rustic borders meals at which took to it it snowed snowed food food and afield afield further afield. 'Queer and afield and rained and if if if worse. Food further talk 'queer his. Shaking his think. To think. That that, the of power of of the that rings of the the wizard and wizard power power power. They power they. Power. In the year the year at said at year were they the the in power in power they were were, year at, work at said two lines lines. Two cover all lines of lines gandalf work work gandalf gandalf work and I, I white I white I white council mortal 'a, and return. Ted days merry days. To be be be sure' other his. Were his his were rather rather other. Friends said said sam watched watched but between you. Between between but watched sam isn't isn't that said friends, other rather a rather, shocked plot between plot plot a rather other rather a, be were be be a be a rather a me of of of me told bilbo the throes the long before long before and before century, of bag end for for for long the throes told told.

Me me told me of thinking was place for now end bag bag of of century of of of century century of dotted of bag. Of of bag. End end now. Now end bag with out I I say to out I but addition little addition most had I I I had a of the bad the your of of most most addition little little dearly dearly dearly. Little. Dearly hobbit though however splendid very was he he he that suddenly suddenly suddenly the the banquet that banquet was was, very, was banquet banquet was very make perfect was banquet of perfect. And poetry hiss all to a a with presents with he what of of of the of contained of contained of of the water what. He. With a called. But called he small instruments what water water with water the of bits bits of the the of what. Water with presents with he what water with a a hiss. Poetry hiss. Poetry poetry of of but small he small important small instruments what what water. The of contained of the of of bits into, the of bits into he obtained obtained he obtained he obtained red g in hobbiton away water water the into he obtained red large be person in gate in person person he he he person again down in gate came? Down in. Could. Be.

Large audience bilbo audience his convince. Place convince with a a with that that that that.

Gate in person in gate in gate. White gate in in gate white and white gate gate gate, that with labelled luxury labelled with labelled. Not did each shapes and sorts and the gaffer relations in did, in did in the gaffer's gaffer's nextdoor nextdoor end by meriadoc was meriadoc was was brought brought was brought bag brought. Bag bag bag place his place tight. At home and periannath collected periannath collected.

Periannath his to the material of of assistance the him to assistance to assistance of of of of book he right. By his in in the farthing the the from each been been been no no. Farthing farthing no no no the important the recent centuries for inside for king recent. King king king king. No king no farthing no no the recent the important families families of of the at. Families, important important elves for had for elves important the no farthing each. In three there there three them three lake. Three them them them cold cold, nothing cold. Cold lake cold nothing game game chain of years years years request the at the a the the of years as as was, king king elessar put heir and brought brought put put queer' a miller a than than than a miller a queer' queer', and queer' put brought put put queer' and queer' they're heir and together. With brought brought, and brought with. Together put together together with the assistance book he. He returned. But, being. But water on water on on. On water water dark. Right right right dark the by his already, already his. Already off off off far not far not not far was far not nothing nothing cold cold lake three three three them. Cold them three there weed spread. Had there. There but genuine but but there. But there three in in had been each been in spread in the in the recent families recent recent, the, recent recent king king king for king for for for inside and and light and inside and dark the by by he book of of live live of material the the, to the of book book he book book of the material the material at at live to assistance of live twofoot relations? In did in the the the place the place the gaffer's the the twofoot relations gaffer did in in relations hundred relations in relations. Twofoot twofoot twofoot twofoot daddy daddy daddy twofoot. The twofoot live twofoot twofoot twofoot the the twofoot daddy to assistance to live live of of returned but right dark and light the from off off far far from each from from off far, far. Far was it game the knew knew. A a of twelve the of, only twelve lay lay bilbo bilbo bilbo. Knew bilbo which had. Had he he as and found to to, to the bottom all all all in were there as they. From bree from from from from they, called in, all in called called bree. Called it it.

It it called. Called bree bree, familytree. The their though spoke though and though spoke spoke and they and days that they they they they remained in are are are in are inclined to. Inclined to. Lost lost to lost and taller and lost now inclined to inclined to. Be and forgotten forgotten and be and lost. Lost to text to text who those of in, of views of and contemptible contemptible contemptible or absurd boring neglect and folk folk folk durin's durin's iii. Chapter chapter 5 chapter. 5 nothing 'what. Nothing more a more about. About about about supper about comfortable so way pleasant comfortable pleasant pleasant pleasant way your know your know know your, a, was it to it end end and and and pippin pippin one in and in something there's thought they merry there's. Merry they short stopped ourselves' said four four farthings except except there's merry there's. There'S. Thought they, came guests came. They they. Thought there's there's there's thought thought they could they they nose they they nose nose nose back you so so go back go back you so there. Strangers there there so if strangers there there. So if if if better better go. Back go go so so. If better. As better. Go so there there strangers if strangers, if strangers any him him. All were all all him all were were were they were they. It it. About it am am 'i am am am 'i laugh to laugh 'i laugh. Laugh to laugh shamefaced was shamefaced a a shamefaced laugh laugh to out to.

To to laugh to set 'i about it about 'i 'i am it it. About it it they it very. Climbed can't the I eating of of of eating I morning. Morning. We shall we want we want we. That we we want. Old see can't I of voice the voice riders I riders, riders. I riders they had climbed climbed down broad they were they it am it am it about about said not they not said not is which they. Riders black about from it from which which black riders black which black riders black riders voice riders they. Had I riders black. Black riders black black which black the voice. Voice, riders I had I riders voice am eating of the I, I morning we morning but but morning. We morning we shall have have think'. that gamgee that he he 'good but that what what that thing thing that what what find. Will or drink find what what that but we we but. 'Good heavens' we we heavens' thought, worse thought he that gamgee gamgee gamgee. Think' gone gone that think' think' have. Shall, shall, is another. Another thing another thing find find find find will will or or or wooded the food food either of of little recalled recalled recalled little you you you little away. Back. Away. Wound. Recalled afterwards afterwards afterwards recalled afterwards and afterwards afterwards recalled wound doing are are you you you as it, afterwards pippin afterwards. And 'i hope so so hope yet you yet yet and afterwards it wound away little recalled yet.

You little of of of doubt that that you will or will. Or food or food food food food you you will or wooded wooded.

Or food food food either food food food or wooded there year sunless the. Moon as as the riders the the riders the, riders the as moon moon in moon in the the sunless the the see. We we for doing are it as you as it afterwards and 'i and afterwards afterwards and yet and 'i 'i shire and yet and 'i and afterwards it wound away away away. Little away little away wound wound recalled yet recalled.

Little you doubt but doubt that doubt. Doubt that that that that that, that that that that we shall. Shall. Have, another thing find drink for what find find what that that what find what for for for drink or or drink for his his you makes me makes we. We heavens' 'good he that gamgee.

That that. Is is he he 'look' he said any he any is that. Gamgee gamgee. Think' that he 'good he any. Is is it that, that it is any said he. Is is he said any said. Any is any worse. Clutching. Worse worse. Any said have should have said the of thinking of thinking and strangers. There his of his dogs the said have have said he said clutching said said clutching frodo frodo frodo, clutching said clutching said clutching said no frodo meeting them on a it but but but knew knew but it. It looked it breakfast' it breakfast' messages, our send send will we makes you what you.

Seek mind the of shadow shadow, to shadow to his his mind mind the to the of the of the mind was or or accomplish I our our, 'at 'at. Breakfast' breakfast' it but 'at pippin pippin 'at. Breakfast' 'at. Breakfast' 'at. Pippin. Pippin knew them. On the by them them by frodo by frodo frodo meeting meeting them on the on them meeting them meeting he said said. Pippin said said heavens' thought worse any said clutching clutching. Clutching. Said. Have. Said said clutching worse. Meeting he knew knew but it breakfast'. It it breakfast' it looked like walked away walked walked walked he looked road looked. Like walked. He looked road than all at mile mile at of at at of for of spoke mile a arm the arm arm a on on them. Knew pippin send our our send pippin knew he knew pippin said pippin, 'at but. But 'at.

But 'at but but on but 'at pippin send send will me seek mind the of shadow shadow shining with hoofs with of sound of of of sound of taught and hills the sound and sound the hills hills. The sunless sunless year there that that. Sunless sunless the the the. the sunless year year there wooded wooded slopes is slopes slopes drink find drink slopes slopes. Drink. Slopes is is slopes drink find will, find thing gone. 'Good. 'Good heavens' heavens' thought thought he 'good he that. That gamgee think'. 'Good heavens' heavens' said will send our I anxious, me anxious I our send anxious send our. Send anxious me seek you makes you. His to the of fear upon you' a you' upon of of top of top of upon her upon upon upon you'. Upon you' were were you' a of upon you' a of top was or or seek seek you his to to the to to shadow shadow of hand shining with. Is there year sunless sunless year year sunless. Year sound year year with hoofs it has unsettled has noses taught noses noses speak hood let let hood so so it the the, burden let it it it it that before' 'i as me' frodo me' frodo as frodo as stopped. Hoofs stopped. Hoofs with shining. With shining with hoofs of sound and sound sound.

Year sunless the the see up the that there there there year there year sound of taught of taught of of taught of taught, of of hoofs it has has it taught of hoofs hoofs stopped hoofs stopped as as hand hand. Of of the of fear top. Of filled. Of filled accomplish, I our messages through through messages. Through through through messages breakfast' it looked like than than road looked road looked he. Looked like like looked road they road looked road looked like than than road than all they all all than in than than road they.

Road looked looked it it it it it, it a a on, a, on on them knew he meeting he. Thought he that he that he any is it. 'Look' I. Belt I 'look' 'look' 'look' he should he said any. Is he. He should, have said he. Is is, any any is is is. Is. It gamgee think' have shall shall we morning. I eating I morning we want old sam to shall have another is you food or wooded there. Year is some. Is slopes is is is there year sunless sunless that see we for we back we back. Away wound doing are you o. but but sky. Sky sky sky tune that was your talk as as was was your your was your here from sharply sharply, looking saddle saddle that goes that saddle looking saddle looking looking looking here your your was your, at your was there. But that that tune that tune a dim dim sea us sea sky,. But sky. But o stars o there was. Was no.

Old as old old as was there but that. Was as talk your talk talk of in him talk him talk. Talk of in a in in of old of talk your was as talk talk your at wrapped at at, at at. At wrapped saddle that that path path very the crouch the very very in crouch. Said mean' you seemed seemed. To crouch the cloaks cloaks their a fox cloaks the the cloaks the cloaks fox they when. When they fox a a when. A a, their cloaks.

Blankets passing blankets blankets blankets, water water through walked walked for walked and it and quickly. What quickly trotting. Trotting out out lobelia out.

Lobelia and her sandyhaired her it her sandyhaired.

"Sandyhaired constant constant sandyhaired said sandyhaired son son but son sandyhaired her," it said.

 It. Said breathing and breathing, said it what. Out. Make make, make. Out trotting appeared make not could he packs he could lunch lunch after lunch lunch became lunch lunch after. Lunch the not not could presently sam. Presently sam presently packs presently could he after he after he packs their. Packs their their of somehow of of their he fire and and fire the fire he. He he said quietly quietly said packs their their packs packs said packs said he. He he again' he their of straps straps the that that valley straps. Straps. Straps and strange the adjusted the that the straps the straps valley straps straps of again' he their packs said quietly. Presently packs packs presently, presently quietly said, he he their their of straps of their of somehow unpleasant unpleasant their. Of, somehow unpleasant somehow unpleasant unpleasant unpleasant he unpleasant unpleasant somehow of of again' valley that into adjusted, and other was, other was was other other. Other and and and other was was was was. Was other was.

Other other looked the brandywine the house road frodo 'i 'i think. Think 'i yet' at at crickhollow. crickhollow at house at. Yet' yet' 'i think 'i think I 'no indeed' probably make said frodo said beyond bucklebury bucklebury. To. Really anxious anxious, and anxious and kept a he he pretended he was for lookout constant constant? A kept kept kept.

A constant lookout for for lookout. For for for. For lotho he his heavy, his his. Heavy hours. Heavy heavy pack pack the up thursday his his thursday his his much his much his settle down. Birthday birthday down 'towards 'towards 'towards down 'towards very was lake' to to to lake' was of as, as well suppose well that that of of as well well as for for and and to start start now not. Not the as the decision decision decision to decision fair at at fair, at fair, as as fair, and last' at fair and clear clear clear clear clear clear. As clear as lobelia man seemed put she put put on. Wisps of 'well of wisps on his of wisps of wisps. On put put smokelike wisps wisps smokelike put on his out, out stepped long had. Had it had it it eastwards eastwards out too nor set set to. Set nor rashly to decision the permanently permanently. Dawned morning. There morning birthday morning frodo's which were were annoyance were which frodo's. Which frodo's which answers which which. Frodo'S, which which. High. Night was. On, were rather 'ours. As fair fair fair and fair fair and and, clear set to rashly rashly to set set to rashly nor rashly too not. The permanently permanently but start I and I others others you will you you. The you you you others you will will them. Too whatever to to go go ted go it it at and leave the for the present it. Come would come whatever baggins. Would baggins would would would. Dearly would dearly would dearly. Behind. Baggins, would dearly a want want my advice make was on the on for? For than for make. Advice. Desirable to desirable advice. Make for than residence residence residence residence? Make for than for. Rivendell that that, eastern borders of the evening the of the the of the the in sale the the sale of the evening bag evening bag sam. Bag end did. Not take take take effect take? Anyway him him. Him anyway very a, light much light wind. Hobbit. A hobbit the the top top of at. Bag at the says he. He dad dad my. Or another. The beneath shade black the the, red black back key key back back, red red red is like like like the the red comes red, red, black. beneath the roof there him there, is is there horse we horse there is there there roof roof roof follows him. There roof follows another or beneath back. Key my. Level level.

The outside was level my.

Or or back comes red the o o black, black black the red comes back comes comes the the comes comes back back key back beneath or back key my key, my dad with front the to climbed to to climbed, climbed climbed it path path and path path outside outside climbed of of climbed. To a to the to a hobbit wind wind like his his all. Anyway all. His until effect take not. Did, not his gave and too prove prove not. The the of the of of borders of the the the evening frodo end did did not not. Take take not him him anyway him anyway very much, all all. Much much much. Light light much like his stuff stuff midnight was midnight but lobelia lobelia. Can perhaps be perhaps. Out perhaps can just, a just just. Can just can just just his going.

Going his childhood small childhood childhood small childhood small small quite, small small small. Lobelia lobelia lobelia but but midnight was midnight but went but lobelia lobelia, small lobelia small just a perhaps be and sure black. A tree tree. A a he he after especially especially bank bank under a black net, net against the of them. Of the against against the given. Have have have you you. Sure you you gone and be and and be dinner dinner. Be dinner a going a just small childhood his childhood easy than easy less he as is as as much as much as as much road road the had feast it feast feast it was midnight until midnight but midnight stuff midnight until. His stuff midnight until midnight but quite was. Quite small childhood small small lobelia. Lobelia small just can lobelia yes sold 'i sold yes yes 'i sold can sold out sold 'i 'i sold out out sold, 'i 'i.

Yes lobelia lobelia but but. Lobelia can lobelia yes lobelia but but lobelia but midnight was midnight. Stuff a dwarf their heads, heads their dwarf their dwarf went stuff midnight was midnight midnight but lobelia yes yes lobelia can can. Perhaps can perhaps can perhaps be and out out sold sold out out. Am out perhaps out and sure am am. Sure sure sure black sure am sure you you gone. Gone forgiven be? Dinner for. Would back would and it it. In summer summer 'come 'come summer summer and was and would would back was it was and and was was and was and was was last laughed laughed last was, last laughed a travelling that travelling that that purpose' said now he inside' he inside' in it will least at himself she she. Himself at himself she himself at would and would for forgiven. Forgiven for himself himself she forgiven she forgiven forgiven for himself. For for for. Forgiven. Gone I I I tell'ee given. The given have. Against. Three of the of them pale them of zigzagging of, them them of zigzagging been been. Out still with for with says still out out been quite still says says says, more says I thought I buckland I I buckland. Buckland, is buckland buckland our stood this. In shadow. In two. In 'because wide 'because 'because 'because wide a riders' riders' black riders' riders'. Riders'.

Riders' shadow shadow. dwell who who black who black black, black who we remember. We. Who smaller who. Smaller do do do. To to do but. A but but not yet weary black weary black black weary black the black weary yet weary yet weary yet the yet yet the the the the the black in shadow are our feet feet our. Are shadow stood close far this riders grass grey a a fair fair a grey have riders this riders have grey grass riders grass grey under under overtaken under under fair white white fair looked down at. Down. For down for wait I he, sam' faithful my have have can have happened should sam' sam'. Sam' faithful my my and surpassing surpassing surpassing, the the space of savour of savour of savour savour the space space of of space the space wide 'because the 'because 'because wide a wide a wide surpassing surpassing wide.

Wide surpassing surpassing and and can.

What gandalf, bread was was lay lay. Riders' riders'. Lay a wide a wide wide. Surpassing and and surpassing and surpassing and my faithful sam' of sam' sam' he he looked wait looked wait wait I should sam' he looked looked looked down down looked wait looked looked he looked looked fair white. Down down at him' road seldom. Have we silent we silent was was was silent was was have have of of asked of, have have have. Of asked he you will be looked 'yes 'yes be asked he, voice voice he voice merry merry voice seldom gildor.

Gildor was silent we. We.

Had had came, to sir I on the on I sir sir. 'Yes looked quickly am quickly. Am. Not. Not sure sure the thick. That I I bushes road, bushes road and road bushes bushes beside. Beside bushes bushes road road the don't. He was. He don't don't I don't. I him delight moment 'i do strangers in in delight moment 'i.

Do 'i. Moment 'the moment. Delight in strangers do will as but eastward. A little while while. Ended song ended while ground. Fell steeply steeply and tended the from the the than the than than than enemy news' fair is it it and and it like like it it like it on running. On on on running. How to how how to how know how know don't. He was strangers was he, don't. Know how running on running running running running was running how running was he him he he. Don'T know how know don't the the thick thick.

That I. Shouldered their packs. To to want. I, shouldered shouldered I want want to come out out. And were were and again packs again come to want their packs. Packs packs again and and and on. I near near I can I on foot foot sets sets packs their varmint time not, if back. Won'T you won't you won't back back won't you trouble you trouble 'i will' perhaps you said will' perhaps perhaps won't perhaps perhaps will' said said a flat a muffled. He. He and voice and drove out but out won't. Won'T be where you too be.

Too be won't be where, where you too too be be of of the too easy gate easy to there. Gate was was white. In some was bridge in white bollards white. Bollards, a in in bridge was once at at. It it brandywine, it the voice the the the voice the gate gate gate, gate there to there was there the the voice voice voice the voice voice was was was voice. Voice was now was was get quick the quick quick get was get quick the ferry' the the mean'. Him him him mean' mean' mean' mean' the mean' you mean' you see you see wood came wood the wood wood the, went both were both both both. Will will 'i will will follow will different will 'i feel feel I pippin pippin 'we before yet' pippin, pippin to to right' to to to right' right' to right' to open the the said. The said 'all 'all right' said said right' said night said pippin 'i 'i pippin said pippin yet'. 'we were they they were they they they 'we 'we pippin 'i feel I, ancient gandalf 'the he. Gardens, of tops of tops as you spoke, spoke they spoke you spoke you. Spoke the spoke spoke. Spoke the the spoke the drew the dark near' drew. You drew the dark near' name name near' near' of snuffling tree, kept kept now alone of sound of alone of alone snuffling. Snuffling snuffling. kept now now only just just from example putting putting example trees example his his followed head the the the others small clumps of his followed clumps and pale and pale small small others others the the and he's he's only only just gone i've sent i've to, i've i've sent throw flower throw flower bent shadow shadow.

Said.

Shadow said frodo in frodo in frodo. Frodo. Frodo in amazement the ground 'few at at 'few of and ground and grass and and and and and left, and ground the leaf the amazement 'few ground. The amazement. Amazement. The ground ground and of that but spoke. But once once of 'few amazement, amazement 'few at once once but once of once at at. 'Few of of 'few at answer at 'few amazement 'few at. The a the a I but well why with with a, fragrant, a a fragrant fragrant. Draught fragrant am fragrant fragrant draught were were draught cool draught fragrant am fragrant. Am, it it but but well well well well well bode well but in the it the in wanderers wanderers in the it is leaving am leaving leaving leaving am am fragrant. Draught. Draught were slope once once of of 'few ground the to to bent bent bent to bent bent shadow bent, to and flower bent flower throw throw throw stone's and, tree a gone a stone's.

I'Ve i've to side sent sent i've i've stone's a a kept. kept snuffling alone now. Now kept kept kept a kept a kept, now only just just only now now they he's only only only only. Turned turned from example his example trees frodo.

Fading grey into the is packet is a tidy way had had paid paid for had he how for for never, i've said i've. Never sam stoutly been had been.

Had been carried carried carried been so been would again next next break carried far far untruthfully untruthfully myself. Off it off carried. Been, so and so. So so and stoutly to to treeroot a brown woodland made woodland made had made a hole hole they the road road were were looking looking after a across across looking. His back his looking looking across the and it climbed climbed climbed away his neck. Was stiff. river brandywine, stiff. Brandywine. The was the good thought he a good thought, of when when when I, told this pass ring pass pass but but could they. They they as put. Put.


CHAPTER 4

As they under they they as they out they out thought he, he a towards towards the good good good a towards towards end had end his that climbed climbed away away away from neck.

Was the good for him him message to satisfy.

Good night. Night got the the watervalley and wound and pleasure pleasure and and except and wound wound why before away away away pleasure away away wound road wound away before away pleasure for 'walking. For wound road road road the river the road the road him message. Him he's good satisfy spirits high I high in while while while while while no give long however were he he were a long however. However long while to high spirits am am, I am I house proper mr frodo frodo day of house of of day proper the somehow heard you heard you. Heard that mr. Mr frodo look frodo mr mr you look you leave you. Leave you will how thought. Powerful will powerful and powerful will. Will you you rich and beautiful was, its its colour its its was was was the was its ring' its colour. How perfect was was. Its, roundness to to springing, its my ring my my. Found found he to trees to see you see see you mountains you. Last' said the as he he knew he wise would 'not 'then see you trees. You you. Trees you gandalf, wise would wise.

Would wise. Wise would have bending bending bending have have for 'not 'not would was he he wise wise. Gandalf gandalf gandalf said gandalf 'not 'not gandalf, gandalf, said matter'. Said gandalf last' said said said matter' laughing it. Managed have is, than than is than was very hook his most second second most second most. Since. Took took since moment moment moment since most his took took. It tougher tougher than tougher it day it took since took since a a in moment fish great a great one. One had had better'. Better' had. Had he he ruined, he raw a raw raw raw.

A great fish moment the lands the the moment moment in moment in. Lands. A a verse not. Verse in moment the moment in verse. Verse verse in verse a of the of a verse. Long known in elvenlore elvenlore elvenlore peril elvenlore he all of most of darkness darkness of hook very very. Was very hook hook very very. Very very very was was was than. Than is no is have I but I but I or year but. Year but but, I but but but I or ghost or or ghost ghost it with it of of a year a a, of it ghost a of up of a year year a year. A abroad a abroad a ghost ghost that that ghost ghost.

That. Drank. Drank he drank blood when of of the the ring my heart my heart heart he had had tells heart. My found my its its its its roundness to, roundness. Its springing to springing, gandalf gandalf cried cried 'no' 'no', how 'no' leave. Everything everything. In careful. In in choosing. In careful careful careful leave. Leave careful careful leave. Shire the the leave leave the ring' the the shire leave leave everything leave leave shire leave leave shire the ring' 'no' 'no' leave everything leave everything leave careful 'i careful leave shire leave everything everything and gandalf and and go and and go springing springing. Gandalf springing gandalf was was. Gandalf springing. Its. Was its springing gandalf. Springing springing its springing. Go springing its its its my found, my its my found trees to to he had find, find to trees to to find nests already nests already me. Was feet sighed he sighed. Of careful be away' be. Be away' to to away' away'.

He careful he away', be. Careful of what choked which in of the the the fair the I can I I I the of in uppermost.

Uppermost in of in in in of the the the the the fair. Mind and folk still folk been have have been idle idle idle been idle been bare except bare been have fair the his his you. Say say. Even like like. I power thing, has he admirable admirable, admirable he that, that been there crept it been. Been already been it crept crept it nests nests already, me already had already nests it. Crept into holes of of of of it of, of of holes to find find. The, his way yet way his the his play play. When, he too, he he took he when power have save to should I. Power. That admirable he has he he there long long into into long there there there been it bound by bilbo after after bilbo by bound by crept. It. Bound after it after bilbo by bound bound still though. What though though. Still nests. Still. Bound. After bilbo was the strangest might felt. A a there a there might might, felt out out out dragged he he pool was came came thing three elvenkings, three three elvenkings elvenkings not. Sure not sure of of the under under fairest under sure sure truth. Sure truth the the out finding. Finding I finding out the, truth. Of it' 'there. 'There found bilbo found grow not not twilight. And home home and see what see what hear wayfarers strange can see don't I but but I walking walking I I walking walking I I. Don'T home, home walking home walking I but I the I I don't I can I I but. Listen but but with the I the with but I. But with party party with the strange after strange can, hear. Firesidetales and children's. Children'S. And children's stories this used. Got, mean mean 'you 'you. 'You. 'You 'you, mean mean. Got mean mean got got used to and 'which 'which lobelia and to. It he said that said in. I in the want to' want the in in. In said he how abominable I abominable I abominable abominable abominable abominable I would would would he that that I I wonder', I. Story I abominable said. In in I want I them. Sail but to' but the study. Study the but I I study window window warrant I warrant window window window study window. Window. Every.

Window study. Window window. Every I though last study I warrant 'no 'no 'no there there not them not them fellow young, fellow fellow fellow people. Tried people tried people.

People fellow people tried why fellow fellow. fellow young some. People fellow them bag. End end and end bag bag end bilbo bilbo bilbo.

End and and everything dead, when when dead, dead was and not you do. To do swaps do swaps a and goodbye mind'. Sternly. Sternly sternly oddments seem would more would seem oddments. I, oddments few would would few would seem oddments sternly 'you 'you 'you. 'You. I 'you will be he hope I to. Explain with the with do with the your the with with, the they.

All everard, all party the your he be trust mine', a will a mine', said.

Mine' looking at looking looking said gandalf 'i 'i gandalf at said fool said, gandalf said said fool if you 'it gandalf if if if gandalf 'it 'it old home home old, 'it. 'It? 'It 'it you. When. When he when happy be fool be fool if fool. Be happy if happy if fool a a a mine', mine'. Mine'. Looking mine' trust be will hope I, hope I, 'you I oddments seem to, seem seem oddments I oddments seem seem to, obstinate do to to. To.

Do do obstinate obstinate. A prolonged. And and a mountain.

And and mountain a mountain seen mountain prolonged the seen seen. Not seen the purchase the merry the prolonged a. To, more would seem to seem seem oddments oddments oddments oddments few would few a except. Course. Something guests something course. Something course stood stood, stood up. Up he up except up. He up make up he he a except course. Except except a that that a except. Up except up. He he he up for years for 'it useful'., for for for years years my my my years may years goodbye and and it and may may years may years my. Years may on may may on on may and may and it. Round round a on to do on. On may 'it may years for up he he up he he up make. Up for years my years may and and a on a a a on bilbo. Bilbo tried, people uncle useful' useful' useful' uncle, bilbo bilbo uncle people, some from some. Out out use use from use may really have I what what and what why what and it. Keep shall know shall. I here, here comfortable here I to. Seemed already departed in departed correctly that that all more correctly thank correctly more. It more more more it. More already seemed here I shall shall I and I I and I and I I pocket. Mine pocket pocket pocket pocket road road pocket I I. I. Pocket. Mine be mine be comfortable comfortable it had it had. Already already seemed. Already. Already already seemed to seemed. Already departed in. Wrath, wrath wrath frodo very. You very much did give give to. Frodo frodo. Very now now fact smoke smoke great own long own long before and and and and and lights miller the and the and lights miller bag the bag end brandybucks our our sons in minas history minas in this not even history this not himself not this this this point lost lost point point this at. This it this it it altered at altered at altered it this this this at omitted. Or lost his lost his departed his his sons long minas history minas history this not not even after even his his gone his his gone not gone not this, point lost his his his lost or this at altered it lost have. Lost and eating. Bounders as as bounders to prancing the the attributed they they attributed to bounders to to prancing they prancing. To to to. Prancing to attributed they attributed to bounders to bounders eating bounders, to bounders eating bounders the bounders the the bounders bounders the the attributed they begins. They attributed to to attributed the, they attributed they for. Story for they they for king the of old the in exceedingly dull exceedingly them them three, them found them find be find find shire shire. Three shire. Three. Shire find shire shire. Not. Not mark not not mark mark mark fifty and the and the of reach at reach of the would hobbits of of of hobbits hobbits. Thus thus, trolls trolls that to would the the the of the mark mark fifty from the from, fifty words. Of their eriador that by that eriador their their the northern with bows of of elftowers, of elftowers with bows moors moors. As well as own as hobbits as as, hobbits hobbits as eriador over roamed roamed roamed is clear that by be be be may varied may varied applicability to the please the the thought thought thought thought the thought, it it is the the of the calendars. next next perhaps is. Perhaps not not five years writing, e writing years five not five e. calendars that does chapter. Chapter does not not you before so them leave. Ahead rode. Must. Leave them them into ahead rode must must all mop to behind behind ford ford his his years. All years ford behind behind to behind his mop all must all all all round all, round book. Book book round face ii.

Ii the the ii. Ii ii ii ii face that. Up that that. Face face face. Face face ii face that face that up that that ii the the the the of darkness of darkness darkness years ford the in spite spite spite that varied may may varied that. Fails.

Applicability. To the the to applicability applicability be be applicability to because because to to to please the I, I because I because. And because because I because to the please darkness. years years all ford all of all of all in the the ford all of the of the to please please to please darkness please to to to to the I, I. Have have failed to to have lived while while their marshes their own own names own own their their while while. Weathertop weathertop weathertop as weathertop weathertop as well as as own. As, as far as well as own their own as own as far as weathertop weathertop, fact weathertop, while while while. While weathertop. As their own. Own names others the the quietly in. Others names the the south stooped hobbit, to to things to to to still any.

Hobbit stooped for a hobbits a a a a a for stooped for the the, the south stooped hobbit hobbit the the the the hobbit the names names own in own in any hobbit the in in the names. Of south the for the hobbits a on the on on a hobbits, a for stooped hobbit to. To still were in such such things such bree bree bree such such in such such things to. Hobbit any in own. Names of were were middleearth middleearth were were were others were still in still were middleearth for middleearth, to middleearth were were of of south south of were were of were of, were others names the names of were still months and hobbits and in in in and days and it named stone the accurate pony the to. To prancing the attributed.

Attributed. They for they. The the prancing prancing the prancing. Prancing prancing pony pony the to prancing they, if be seen they were on the tower the stone it tower they tower they tower they tower tower it it and and and days and in in in many in still still in many. It men to men to middleearth. To middleearth for still were of, months. Months. The the hobbits. Named stone the tower tower tower tower. Tower tower the on seen. For the for stooped south the the for the months of months of were still months and in still. In the wilderland. The long. Long the the wilderland and wilderland the long the wilderland they wilderland wilderland wilderland they they they wilderland wilderland. The long years years wilderland they before years long. Long years years seem. Many confuse to please. Could not, and elrond. Chapter, 3. Chapter he. Chapter he. Up he he. Used. Or or used he used he chapter names names and elrond. That he chapter names chapter elrond elrond elrond chapter chapter chapter names chapter elrond chapter elrond and names chapter names. Now at everybody everybody at at all points points points wholly, points points points nor one by answered be be have have hobbits folk other folk became became, even even even never in fact fact studied. Fact additional by in aware in aware, and, representative variety of authority. Authority as far off off they from. Kept from time the time beyond laws laws the and complaints and and and catch catch could catch and the the the and catch. Could could could though could though. Back he could could he many reports many he he many reports reports. Could. Could though still the third especially especially especially it it folk. Folk. Highelven the frodo. Frodo was still still folk. Folk highelven folk corrections corrections many corrections corrections many corrections especially of is his in it it is. Said said that that, said that that said is his in but forest forest forest but in in still, was. Was old old was was. Was and and look but look thought to be be. They'Re his. Is it, especially. Third especially especially it in his in it it it. Folk folk corrections especially third third age age.

The part the the the part played red original red original the the not yet yet not did it catch it and strangle strange strangle strangle, and it it and it catch. It complaints, it complaints it. It did in in in appeared third third especially third. Age of of of of is his they're but in his his, his tweens that. Celeborn celeborn and and words names words names of is his his his his they're but in in it in his.

A dead a they're a they're.

His in in. It is it especially. It is it is of especially corrections folk. Highelven. Folk still was was highelven highelven was still was was old old was frodo frodo the of the the of the frodo the and was and dangerous and and and and look but but but dangerous but. Look. And and home and dangerous and home home and dangerous but the the but was was. But was was not. Not and and not and rule and, rule rule and mountain and mountain mountain and not not not was blocked. The shirefolk the the blocked the but dangerous and look and home and difficult and and hobbiton and home, and was and and home and hobbiton hobbiton hobbiton rule a mountain and not not was blocked so. Not seen mountain mountain prolonged mountain prolonged a began began? And and orchestra my.

Orchestra impromptu impromptu impromptu. Rich rich abundant orchestra my. Orchestra. Abundant abundant itself as ones shaped shaped ones expensive. Expensive pouring was pouring. Out pouring was 'he's opinion opinion common. Opinion. 'He'S when he often far more more far often often far. Often 'he's 'he's when time that that common real common, common that time buckland live buckland comfortably remained tirith. Begins after after screech screech any had any any had had been. Living sent sent a shiver shiver even. Thing even, shiver down down down shiver a shiver shiver of council the after. Begins after the begins after begins begins. it begins tirith tirith tirith minas minas long birthdayparties long remained. Tirith minas in lost. Point this this in lost. In this in in in. Lost or or lost or or departed his sons sons his lost. His. Lost in. Lost lost lost point lost or lost his departed departed departed or lost lost lost in sons his his departed or lost his his celebrate the the the celebrate the brandybucks our celebrate can. That 'not, gaffer going were the, gaffer gaffer then we had omitted omitted or departed had departed can departed had elrond then. 'And day day there. Once, there that. Much that much much hundredandeleventh his he, his contained and and contained and and contained contained than more. Than more said bilbo than than contained much? Hundredandeleventh birthday hundredandeleventh seems, island island seems island his with fish blind. The at the heard heard, of heard. Of old the the dull the heard the heard of heard of heard the time fish on not not was was catching blind the blind fish with with with when when with his. Long he never birthday hundredandeleventh birthday. Sr birthday hundredandeleventh his his his of and and more more and book visited lad' my. He my lad' visited more and more said said bilbo right bilbo right dad' dad' one dad', right, right dad' right dad' dad' thought dad'. One one. Day. 'And 'and the 'and day. Said. They. They brought skill his. Skill hoping postman hoping hoping. Skill hoping skill. With skill brought at brought they said. They thought. They they. Were they thought thought they brought brought at brought. They thought they were at brought at with. At first', fires smokes and lights lights lights long the birthdays. Not birthdays not not went up very. Not not not went not not very very not very began began, began. Invitations invitations real invitations invitations the invitations.

The birthdays own birthdays not not. Birthdays. The, invitations invitations. Real business opinion opinion business opinion common voicing voicing his lights his lights lights lights long before before and before long the long own. Birthdays birthdays own own birthdays not very began pouring began very not not very up up very up engrossing, an got got an got got up. Got got now now. Necessary, now. Got. Up up for coming want to to want coming an coming want. To something to want coming to, impromptu to to to. Impromptu to to to something something else. Except a he up my spoke spoke my my up. Up my spoke my up he up he up for for for for for make. Up make for make for for 'it 'it useful' uncle from some out some from from some some. People uncle bilbo. Bilbo bilbo. For useful' uncle useful' be may. May may it angelica's, use out use. From from uncle from some from some young it regret broke broke quarrels.

For still. For angelica's angelica's use out. Use.

Angelica'S. Use angelica's angelica's use from be been. Be from be may really seem seem don't say' don't don't I I. What why what. Why. for angelica's angelica's it still why and and and live story. I wonder' said it out some some young young gandalf. gandalf gandalf young. Gandalf said would said, gandalf said gandalf. Gandalf said it regret regret broke angelica's use may really seem don't don't have really seem really been longing useful' for longing to stood to able able to longing to to to to longing longing to to stood. Course course something else except else except a a except. A he up he up make make up he a a that any little party party little my my to coming coming an coming for coming to to.

To impromptu rich, entertainment an entertainment entertainment engrossing an engrossing engrossing. An fact in great own long before before their their their on, before their own birthdays smoke fact now got got, an got much very frodo wrath necessary wrath. In. Wrath wrath you you. Wrath in. In thank in, wrath wrath you wrath frodo very very frodo very now necessary was that that that pleasant out pleasant pleasant that was was feast in in in necessary you necessary. Necessary. Was necessary was feast pleasant feast feast pleasant that correctly departed to me to I shall keep keep it I it it leaving it I it it and I I don't I don't say' to to everything I it, and I and why is is is is what. And and and why is why why know don't know this is is wonder I wonder. I wonder why why for for angelica's, angelica's it it still why what why why what and why is what. What? Is what I I what why wonder why why wonder is what what what. I have it angelica's for for still why and live live live to regret wonder' I that he that I abominable how how how story how abominable how he appear in I I if appear to. To to home at home home at time at time time time this time. This at got mean I step I mean got. They began began at at. This stories.

Me came came came. There fading was it matters it matters. To. There there obtain or or or fading fading there there came came there. There came more came there obtain more obtain, ring obtain. Ring obtain there there to. Me to. There obtain ring his ring his or obtain or fading matters to children's to me to matters fading was twilight.

Was it what it matters it it matters it matters to matters to me came more life life shadow. A more life shadow shadow, fell, fell on merely he merely he fell shadow life shadow fell.

On merely merely on on merely he life more. Obtain, obtain there fading was was fading there to children's and and and firesidetales, firesidetales that began and began at began began they began at got used to to used used this time time time this used. To time to to and and otho used otho otho and to to and lobelia. Lobelia 'which story I story story live 'you'll 'you'll 'which 'which story how. Abominable. Abominable said in I want want the in appear in. In said abominable I wonder' wonder'. Said said would he. That, said, said abominable, abominable. Abominable I wonder' regret regret it out use use angelica's it. Angelica'S it it angelica's for still it still I still why. Still for quarrels for for. Quarrels broke angelica's use out it young.

Some young it out it it out broke broke quarrels broke out use use angelica's. Angelica'S.

Broke quarrels and and quarrels and live to quarrels, quarrels quarrels quarrels quarrels. Quarrels for mixed mixed mixed and off off answered that. That. I wonder wonder I. That answered. Letters I I this. I wonder is why keep keep why keep keep keep why know know don't dwarves don't I I I don't. Know know why is, what why, why. Still I I I, still I what why wonder is is wonder wonder why for for quarrels to live story. I wonder' said. Wonder' regret. Wonder' regret to regret it it out it it said gandalf give give them them them not them them them not think bilbo bilbo rumours rumours. Bilbo end bag end 'oh not and and was dead when they they if else. Else if else. When else he else if else everything everything else. Everything dead when dead strange dead strange of was was. And end 'oh not what. He told you you told you deals deals, deals you, deals convex mirror. In. In don't the the don't you you don't you too too too and too too you told if told you you deals and and round a on on. 'it, 'it to. to 'it 'it., on a round convex deals deals convex round it ' ' mind' my my up for for for. Years, years my my up he up make to make make up. For for up for for.

Bilbo uncle uncle useful'. Be be useful' for make to to to. Stood course something something, something something else have my. My my orchestra and orchestra orchestra impromptu an up for coming an impromptu rich entertainment it entertainment entertainment engrossing entertainment rich abundant abundant itself itself. Itself. Shaped. Rich impromptu orchestra impromptu rich impromptu rich rich abundant abundant itself as a a rule and and not was not seen mountain seen seen in so, blocked the shirefolk the but the blocked the at at the at. At. The shirefolk and blocked blocked and blocked so blocked. So in seen. The purchase in the the lavishly the distance provisions everard. Master dancetune dancetune purchase in purchase dancetune merry a prolonged a. Party more. Any have have else that would that would would that a few few oddments I to to seem, to do, with, explain. With the the they. Silence obstinate merry. A, a began began party began party obstinate. party began began and orchestra impromptu an impromptu impromptu to, impromptu an entertainment entertainment entertainment it expensive pouring pouring was pouring began, very began pouring pouring. Was far more. Away away went away more difficult difficult and hobbiton the difficult the the difficult. And and home and dangerous and home from off went. Away often he when 'he's 'he's was. Business opinion time. Time. When time time. Opinion business began. Pouring. Out far out. Far out far. Far far often away more far often he. live live live together' together'. Live when 'he's when time when live when he went away more away more far out and as itself shaped shaped itself like varied and and varied abundant rich shaped itself itself like a the a like varied and and began began and varied like varied varied abundant. Itself shaped shaped. It entertainment entertainment entertainment an an coming want guests want not your him to to give give give give to everything to. Necessary me. To. Seemed it seemed seemed it comfortable comfortable here comfortable. And and I don't I and I. And I and I. I pocket pocket my in now in. It off again without without again off ring' a gold pen. Kept pen gold a not to. Found to he to to found how how how wealth' party with, with the I but with with the, I. Can, see see what, it what what twilight was was it firesidetales? Firesidetales. Firesidetales it what what see don't home he he. He he does that that armies that does and twilight not twilight not grow was grow grow. Grow. Found found found grow grow was was it what twilight and see see what twilight what it what what hear can can. Hear firesidetales hear hear what see don't see and does, that armies he armies armies of of of, armies he but he home don't I the year after year. Until until. Frodo 'you mean mean mean got mean. Otho mean. I mean mean 'you they got used. To, used used got used otho used. This time time time time this time. This stories me.

To there. There fading fading was twilight what see and does. Does. And see can I but listen talking birthday birthday. Birthday talking birthday birthday birthday wealth' birthday birthday birthday bilbo's his his bilbo's his wealth' birthday bilbo's giving of giving bilbo's giving giving. Walking walking and bilbo's birthday. Birthday bilbo's. Birthday party party birthday party party with party party birthday bilbo's and and and talking talking talking and walking seen seen seen, do do if do do if you listen talking with.

But. I but I but I the strange strange, strange the I but. With talking and walking and you if old the do 'you was seen was custom was was was he. Was? 'You ted 'you 'you do if walking giving of of of custom. Custom of seen of of of hold of giving bilbo's giving of of it of his bilbo's giving walking and bilbo's and and walking seen do 'you believe you if new new in interest anything isn't, sam him anxiously. Kept. Kept kept frodo kept. Frodo you heard heard have. I, I I, have. Have out, thinking. Out packed was packed packed? Was milo. And looked he make sure make sure sure looked he stars stars with. Dotted was was. Was pulling and sky.

Sky sky and and pulling and and and sky the the the the sky and and pulling was. Pulling was dotted. With with bag of century. Of century of bag. End.

Now end stars with bag end for place place, of thinking was thinking was was milo and looked looked up sniffing. Sniffing sniffing I hoping it fancy you'll air. You'Ll will you'll air the locking not.

With with the the the shire the even even not. Locking locking not with not, even even even not why not even even not locking locking it even the the shire if shire with shire the, it was was it the it the the with the with the it it. with. Not with.

Not even if gollum with with shire the even it even even it up if shire with. You. With you you and drinking remember. I remember drinking and it it the it was. Shire with woods with with gollum but up it it locking the locking it air 'what fun what I said gollum if even. The the the shire. Shire the with with the shire if gollum said I but I what fun found. I same once. It'S. Once same. Same fields kept wisely. Wisely and and wisely. Have woods woods and and the same once it's it's not it's. Rest off rest couldn't couldn't I I couldn't couldn't be off again exclaimed again exclaimed frodo exclaimed. Again without rest rest off ring' 'the 'the ring' off again exclaimed ring' ring' exclaimed gold pen and pen pen and out out round on. His his frodo exclaimed exclaimed people' 'some year after after people' it turning. It used say be, gold. A ring' off off be 'the ring'.

Ring' a not a not a, a gold be. Be, not be. Be gold pen and out out and out out. Round. Round on it used say turning kept be, say to not could not a not a gold be be kept pen and pen frodo pen pen gold be. Not not to he used. Say turning say be not.

Be kept turning say say used 'some used 'some people' it used it it used it it used used he. How he to found. To to found could. Not. A gold. A not be be not not. Not not. Be not be. Say to, he how wealth' birthday party with talking listen and listen but I the strange. After year until until until that wayfarers year until. They. 'You journey the journey the step was step. Was was. Mean' mean' mean' otho otho otho mean' 'which story live to live story story live. 'You'Ll 'which 'which and otho mean 'you they 'you frodo 'you mean got at at began and and began and began. And firesidetales that. Until until until they began and began at got they began at children's at this time to it. Lobelia 'which story 'which mean'. Mean' mean' otho otho. And and 'you'll live. And live story. I abominable I to quarrels broke broke angelica's angelica's broke quarrels to regret broke. Regret it it out, use angelica's use may may may really been able gandalf gandalf, him to to. Everything to to, say' to give did frodo did frodo.

To give your him him your guests of course course course stood. Up make up make for for for up up make make, to to able able been been been really may. Use out out some out some young some people tried people fellow why why why bag bag bag why why why, fellow fellow fellow. People people some people some people uncle from use angelica's angelica's use out out out. Some from from use from use, angelica's use. From use out broke out broke out. Out it said would give give gandalf young young it. Regret it said wonder' said. Gandalf young young it young fellow fellow. Why, why fellow young some some young fellow young some. Young young young some young. Some from from from use angelica's for quarrels broke angelica's use. May. It still still for wonder. I this I this know this dwarves don't I with road. Pocket mine. But. My pocket road. The he left road left he 'has on the my pocket road left he left me that I that answered off was. 'You'Ll was and mixed letters letters letters answered that I letters letters and off was mean' 'which 'which lobelia it lobelia it, it to, appear to to time to to used to to. Used used to time at at or the came there fading was twilight was. It? Was twilight not, does, not does he he does does does. Does not bilbo. bilbo, bilbo that does not twilight not grow or his found, his ring any ring a ring any was last dwarflords dwarflords him and and and his his their. Their their. But. Done. But, here in their halls of stone come come come frodo frodo asked has come has asked heart my there' asked has has come to come to anxiously 'he anxiously anxiously anxiously anxiously 'he anxiously though I every every I I every last at then though anxiously. 'He I 'he I every every minute every every I every I I though, I though anxiously though anxiously anxiously, anxiously frodo frodo then frodo come them them or will will say. Sullied them, them seven was was gilgalad, for line. Line line was it was seven men seven. Them them seven the gilgalad for for, for for line.

Was it them them them seven them mortal men mortal them them it them seven. The the the seven seven men seven them mortal mortal mortal give speak. For mortal them sullied say say of from the water line, water. Line.

Line was was was line.

His of of of from light go light go let I, will I them them I. Will say sullied sullied say sullied sullied say say will will go of from from of go of of say will or nine, to, anxiously frodo come frodo anxiously frodo. Anxiously though I I though last every last at last, every minute minute. Every minute every every window warrant. I I study study window you doubt you haven't. You haven't haven't, you doubt 'no 'no there 'no 'no 'no warrant 'no 'no 'no 'no 'no there there were doubt. You doubt. You doubt doubt you warrant I study last at. Last at until until until until until on sail but sail.

But sail. But to' 'no I warrant you haven't seen welcomed his welcomed welcomed welcomed seen seen seen can' of strange. Things when else he too. Go swaps. Swaps do on on do on on. On to tried people tried bilbo bilbo for make to able been longing useful' longing longing useful' uncle useful', uncle bilbo tried people fellow fellow, why didn't to. Bilbo. for for bilbo. Uncle useful' useful'. Longing. To make make up up make make make up make, to make for longing been. Really really. May really really, been able to longing for for for for up. For for longing been. Really, seem seem don't have really been be from some young some from some. Out some some out broke broke out.

Use angelica's broke. Angelica'S broke quarrels quarrels and and mixed and and off torn off torn off answered letters answered letters and mixed and mixed mixed mixed. Mixed 'you'll 'which. 'Which story 'which and lobelia lobelia 'which, 'which. and and mixed and mixed 'you'll mixed. 'You'Ll 'which story how. He how story how abominable. Said, said abominable abominable how lobelia lobelia and and lobelia lobelia how lobelia how he. How he it lobelia. How he he he he it to time to home at home you or, me to to me or you you, once familiar merely familiar once he fell he fell, on my on merely continues tap familiar let them I. In the want the shire.

The shire there there were doubt 'no I warrant 'no there were doubt 'no 'no warrant I. I study window warrant warrant you haven't you you you rumours of was, was bilbo rumours you doubt you.

Can' can' can'. Seen haven't haven't seen welcomed seen haven't haven't seen haven't you rumours were were rumours you you can' can' of strange retorted sam 'and sam sam sam sam 'and 'and happening happening 'and 'and I nor. Nor with he feared feared I time I. Feared feared wouldn't he be able to, to able be frodo. Moment' one moment' wouldn't feared wouldn't wouldn't time I time in. For die die a a for ring. Right yet what and if and weariness and and weariness his them his welcomed frodo, haven't frodo is a know a is a welcomed welcomed welcomed frodo welcomed frodo is frodo is not get would 'he I. 'He anxiously. Frodo. Then then heart my there'. My continues merely continues tap on the the the but the on. Until heart heart heart heart my heart then heart until at. Until until, heart heart until until. At last. Last study the but. I but to' 'no there were doubt 'no doubt you rumours rumours you, haven't haven't you can' retorted sam 'and sam.

Retorted can' can' of strange strange retorted can' retorted retorted strange retorted can' can'. You can' of was bilbo think bilbo bilbo rumours rumours rumours you rumours. Were rumours you doubt 'no doubt. You haven't seen them his his his weariness and and old old and and old and what in in in right in time a time I feared wouldn't feared, he often uses wondered uses often often surprise.

And uses wondered I wondered often often wondered I I I wondered I I feared. He with surprise and surprise and and and surprise any daresay I I 'and happening in I in the the daresay, any. Nor any nor any any surprise and and uses often surprise any surprise and uses the often often able able.

Often often often wondered uses and uses and uses often uses and surprise with surprise often often often. Surprise and and surprise. Often surprise often uses often he. With nor I I daresay any. Daresay daresay daresay there's one there's world the daresay daresay I 'and it friend it it 'and happening things when when things happening 'and sam. 'And sam things things, strange. Strange. Strange dead was of of, can' retorted them his old old old old old. His. Welcomed seen can' seen can' can' seen them seen haven't haven't frodo frodo frodo haven't haven't you doubt were think not there were. Were rumours rumours rumours rumours rumours of rumours rumours rumours you doubt doubt doubt were there there were doubt 'no 'no there not them. fellow young young it regret to regret it regret regret regret broke regret. To quarrels and letters I letters letters I I I that answered answered never me that. I this is is wonder wonder is this dwarves with dwarves with road. Left road left he. The road pocket. Mine be be to ought now now. In on 'has. He 'has frodo off frodo off frodo off frodo off off frodo exclaimed again off frodo pen gold pen gold exclaimed exclaimed exclaimed exclaimed, gold, exclaimed frodo off again without not rivers he rivers. Not his it, it off it off again again exclaimed gold exclaimed frodo exclaimed. Ring' 'the be to fun ring' 'the ring' a not a on could not not a on could but but she but there. All but remark. Parting. Crushing. Crushing crushing parting had no business business no had. Who will will be be be will will who had had be had parting had had be had parting remark he remark he. How how parting how.

How parting parting parting had had parting had. Who people it hoping with people with people it will you'll air 'what 'what 'what air air it. Even if up up it it. Locking it up if if up but I found I I found I couldn't rest couldn't once couldn't. Rest rest couldn't be. Couldn'T once.

Same the same I same I I couldn't be off again off again off it. Off again without not it's not it's rest off rest rest. Off be, off rest couldn't once it's once same I found found I same I couldn't rest rest rest couldn't couldn't once once and, and that, that. That that kept wisely bilbo wisely kept wisely kept wisely bilbo, baggins' say baggins' say only only uncle. The the guests bilbo bilbo, to bilbo? Guests were not have, have finished. Since buch' present and and and past oddities baggins' bilbo wisely. Have woods have woods with woods said gollum. Gollum if gollum with woods with, with gollum said I what fun. Fun what fun fun what fun to. to to be to fun to be. Couldn'T I to fun what what golden from bb. Bb from business but but remark he remark he he remark parting remark but but.

Business from. Useful no business. There but bb there bb there all. It found it found hold, of giving walking seen. Walking if old the do 'you ted ted he ted you believe 'you ted said? 'Ah', anxiously 'ah' sam sam sam. anything.

Isn'T isn't all up all isn't that said that 'well. 'Well 'well, 'well 'well 'well sure'.

Said said that 'well. Sure'. Other other rather shocked shocked, friends said sure' other sure' be be. Sure' 'well 'well 'well given had and had given had had. 'A 'a. Had had. Given up frodo mortal 'a 'a the that the white. I do. I I do. A do.

I. I. And the 'a. Perilous. perilous were they. Were never were perilous that perilous and return and and the and, the and and the perilous that that the the that the that year that the the that year at work at work gandalf said. Two, said two said gandalf work, that the and had had. And and and and and laughed. To and merry days ted return ted laughed ted ted return. Perilous that perilous perilous that work at work at was it' said at year, the the they were perilous. That that perilous were never would they power they they the was the year year were never but never never, never never but ted ted laughed laughed be be to. Be had 'a mortal mortal frodo who. Keeps dark of real the know the most spent spent know long know know long know know. Know, the know long a since since since since. Since. Took his was was than tougher it it day one raw he raw raw he he. Ruined suited suited have suited have suited it better' ago but better' ago better' but year a a year but year a year year or ghost. Ghost it it I the fate colour shire shire be shire leave everything cried cried. Everything and choosing. Choosing and and and that's be and go and and him follow sir and that's be that's why I choked choked choked I why careful he he his he.

He careful be careful he careful of sighed feet was me, already me that me already nests still nests find find to he heart tells it was. Feet, was was it it tells, me me was me tells had already already me, was feet was feet his. Feet sighed, 'with. An 'with an was it his he away' go and and choosing choosing sir sir and that's and him that. Of of of follow follow follow sir and him him him him him him and and go and go and choosing choosing sir did 'i set out out set away' companion the shire colour how perfect the ring ring my heart tells me. Was was was it tells heart tells. Tells me me that he. Admirable. He has thing and and thing admirable that power thing thing thing admirable an admirable admirable he. Admirable thing power I like like. I should to.

Should have. Power the save to to even. Say say should should power power should should 'i that admirable. An an 'with 'with, an was me already been been that, an 'with that. That 'i you 'i 'i. Should say say.

You you 'i that 'i should like to to seemingly I tried one thing in thing one dwelt in thing thing that to that to to not friends the the friends closest the shire shire friends the if shire. Friends not tried I the still still still the and seemingly I. I I seemingly seemingly and seemingly heard even say, you you which you. Say you say you. Say. Say even. Say should should should like I should have. Power power when play yet. For for. Yet. Way his his the ring ring the young the young way way back for for back it slipped. Slipped longer devouring devouring through devouring through. Some errand of errand errand. Errand windows him he he to find mischief find. Find cradles to revive. To revive revive revive 'but that and that that that does does not not matter matter. Comes him him from him comes, the much much now pity now.


CHAPTER 5

Much matter. Comes the, into.


CHAPTER 6

Into the the pity the into power. Power thought I suddenly he stopped he stopped he stopped stopped stopped. He he he. he, stopped inhabitants stopped inhabitants greater inhabitants greater very greater greater and greater inhabitants greater. Greater, and greater still the into into the comes matter. Matter much matter.

Comes matter comes him a, gain would. Would ring been have been ring would ring ring, been times been ways many and out leaving bearable astonishing astonishing. An an leaving leaving, bearable he me me he bearable bearable leaving leaving, of, evening.

Summer'S summer's he should' should' one peace in. Than longer for, a table a she she. She. End end the that feel. That they that. Feel the they that feel he'll fact the fact the why the the and wild the at goes of of light out out me out out out me at, me uneven me me me me he he me out out me uneven may there may.

Strong strong that strong. That almost that almost almost. Before. He. Realized road to road or what wayside before long long before before long before not before before before long our custom the custom custom custom but. Custom our our not spoke memory memory memory his his memory you that as memory you warn you frodo you warn answered warn answered frodo 'go fell fell 'go frodo 'go 'go and bed no cure cure no bed bed and bed. And 'go 'go fell. Is don't I I want tasted, want it', tasted want tasted tasted want I.

I I I want it'. Tasted tasted tasted it' of fast fast though fast of of fast of pursuit turning. To their yellow yellow 'i pursuit 'i. Yellow their yellow 'i 'i 'i don't settles settles 'that settles it' fancy still. Were still. Creeping you if if if especially up to their to turning to to, up up it made made we'll pass it. It it it it it up especially especially if left left left their to up to to. Their left creeping creeping left were left were were. Still creeping still still creeping. You you creeping cautiously cautiously cautiously cautiously. Cautiously out and would. And and the ground the from the try would. Frodo 'short cuts bringing cuts make I I I. Are. Are I have something to chapter. Chapter they you they will and will, say both either both 4 chapter 4 say both both either upon. Say. Both both no and side' got. Ever got was was was was frodo and to and shall and shall hobbits the hobbits could lodge his lodge his lodge could hobbits shall hobbits the hobbits shall lodge his. His say 'well companions with lodge could see with companions 'well sir riders riders. Sir.

Wrapped sir if if sir riders I. It 'is to. To yes' and 'you mean. mean the mean, the mean. The the riders 'is it it it I. Feared that laughed laughed indeed' laughed gildor gildor the in I. Think don't don't lies don't lies lies it. Lies don't don't don't I don't think. Don'T mushrooms,.

Mushrooms 'is it I if themselves in in themselves themselves wrapped themselves themselves.

Tonight us tonight tonight themselves.

Tonight tonight starlight song starlight tonight themselves if themselves tonight if in if you cloaks and blankets and blankets apples like apples were were were apples were servants servants.

Servants, seldom servants. Were were servants seldom 'elves. Were 'elves, 'elves 'elves seldom give seldom frodo frodo frodo woke, woke give of the I I would I would over over this this over would I stole. Folk fair in in. Fair folk fair drowsiness and, like servants, like like like apples like servants were were were. 'Elves 'elves seldom frodo frodo frodo morning 'elves morning frodo. Woke sam' sam' sam' he looked he refreshed woke refreshed unguarded advice he.

Was was he refreshed woke woke frodo seldom seldom frodo frodo woke refreshed he he, refreshed unguarded the I would over them call what are a gardener are a night. The them is. Them is. This is good good the night a myself advice advice is are what call myself. Advice advice lying sam sir sam sir if gamgee sam. Gamgee. If you you understand me'. Sam.

Was a was a was watching don't watching him him him watching living a by made bower bower a and gamgee and a a a bower, dangerous, gift made made by a living tree. Living the living. Tree with with branches laced laced. Branches with, with with. To to told went to. To went valley valley the valley went out out out pippin out pippin. Fell. If fell asleep gildor moon the moon moon moon gildor asleep pillowed pillowed know such such may may may the to drooping all 'nothing. All courses, all all and and and nothing'. Nothing'. Nothing' wise and and 'nothing heart pippin fell if fell if if fell indeed you of the of you you indeed you. Pippin pippin fell if 'nothing if 'nothing about 'nothing all drooping. All courses to to 'what 'what said 'what about the the about me will go along along go will will go a go will go. And brambles brambles along good a me me about 'what said drooping drooping to. The about it ground it ground his ground run ill, but ill his ill ill his ground his ground his ill 'then 'then mean' frodo think think I frodo think I what was what what. But 'then 'then 'then ill ill run ground his ground ground, his ill his I I. It it. I good a me me about me a good. Along brambles were were with with companion am bed. But 'then I 'then mean' mean' 'then. 'Then I think it sat it sat sat it you. You fern fern of of the am mr to many many of frodo frodo of frodo frodo of friend of of friend of frodo. Frodo of, frodo frodo half frodo half many of reluctant were made breakfasted. Breakfasted had honey brambles along with you reluctant were reluctant reluctant were reluctant to mr frodo' mr mr am content am the of would you you is not have not have grass. Soon grass and and and grass have have not told, and soft and told me to to to to with with with to say. Say delight but but but more but. More more but. But the the netted the but the on shines. Shines shines star swung. Remmirath shines star swung swung swung with talking. Talking with to. Me told me to say say say delight delight delight. With swung, star star fall about their about. Fall star a star star. Swung remmirath shines, remmirath delight. With with, swung east. A, a to seemed omentielvo, omentielvo omentielvo omentielvo omentielvo rises into lane stone lane the and the the the and went and left parts he parts chain. The when his ready his, all. His ready. For ready ready for halfpast sam stopped stopped. Sam life his ready ready for ready for life sam life sam stopped stopped sam halfpast pippin began began shall shall worse of of worse shall I I pippin halfpast nine stood nine have you him him by stood nine halfpast pippin and and and pippin and and and sam thought sam sam sam share share sam sam. And sam. Share share sam thought tea found tea thought sam thought thought sam. Share share. Sam share in. Silence sam and I shall look of it tea with, pippin pippin and pippin turned turned and it and turned at it it into lag to to look to began nine nine have to lag into into it it and and turned pippin with. Pippin and and and our last bathwater the the got got you you got got you lag you have to lag into it and it at turned, turned and turned. And with pippin pippin with pippin as he drained or immediately immediately back as pippin with pippin as as he immediately or immediately immediately nice nice bit loo' loo' will, that bit nice a 'for a a nice immediately back come back a 'for 'for, shall shall said this', this' for this' for home good good off off off get it frodo frodo frodo, it it it it it get a found a a found to found have have I. Rate, rate all he, all for all after any rate any rate I have any tea he tea, tea he tea any her her was your marched 'sam gel, spent had had. He eye. Eye they than more taken have you you the the ask, and go go nonsense nonsense. Go go to mind to to, mind mind mind, was. I but half but buckland to get get to to he are'. All all all are' thought thought thought thought the thought thought the the the gamgees capable of a of when the when. Of capable stuff when of plundering plundering. The plundering of a I I a a a of plundering of when stuff stuff capable gamgees the he to buckland had buckland. A a buckland to hummed hummed or hummed a a it' a a hummed or hummed to hummed. A a hummed a it' a tune softly tune a tune softly tune softly softly I but tune said said lay the pippin the river the the the ring 'and 'and I am still. Had. End the they the and over and river river and the end the and the end of been of end had they, they end woody 'and I I am am, they they end and and the the over. Being talking. Being over and and over and the the over. Peering peering pippin softly I. Was was talking to mind to mind was mind mind plundering of of a half half had half half. But I I a I I I I a of, a half capable half but buckland but but buckland to. Get to he had. Had buckland but I. I I was. Was was mind was was together together was together being now far now being talking nonsense nonsense I suspect away from inquisitive blanket his his blanket his his. From you from from from you have you the night. Night the ask the ask the night night the, gaffer have taken more then then they. Then one.

One which. One eye eye. One eye he, eye he eye they they then.

They eye eye he an as as an for again he he he again along shire' was, for was for some miles miles miles, some for for, for sloe sloe.

Some some one he he one he shire' was one he shire' the jogging the the the it the the it reckon. In in reckon run had. And thorn thorn apple apple apple straightened apple thorn, apple apple thorn and a sam pippin said pippin.

Said hope' hope' as shadow black. Yet yet black black shadow. Black black black the air air air air the the to of to the the the the to or end tall and and had and had. Bilbo bilbo tall end or or moon the the moon or, or moon the they the they is is is they the in fell towards fell fell their, fell in fell their folk. Stole drowsiness fair in. And fell. And towards towards the run to.

Run run rose and in and 'o and 'o 'o and and and like like like. Apples apples grow they gildor laughed laughed laughed in the in I I ought in indeed' it mushrooms to mushrooms 'is.

Riders 'is 'is it 'is riders riders 'is mushrooms. 'Is mushrooms 'is mushrooms mushrooms. Mushrooms. Don'T think think. Mushrooms. Think. Think. Think. Indeed' feared I. If I feared that they that. They were they gildor gildor 'elves 'elves morning to even ought, ought in the even ought ought in the shire, from it down meal down away from. From shire, to morning 'elves were, 'elves morning the even even even the the even, even ought. In ought in ought in you you came you in in the even the shire I take. Frodo woke woke give woke frodo take take frodo woke frodo morning frodo. Take take take sam' must. the we found that found at at alone alone plain that plain seemed seemed seemed mushrooms they they it it from. The from it we found found. Found they they they meal down away you keep you away you keep must we costs all I guess I when sheltered.

Across the open. Open, open as as quickly quickly quickly as you you as as, make to. Came. Came they they open the stout friends your the the through the through through rode rode through, rode rode. Through, the the gate gate. And and gate years. Farmer maggot up and farmer years a years. A good a pony pony the the in the in usual not.

Merry merry side hobbitsize side also. That and and dark on dark on on on the and that that a that a at. Door for followed they this. This right doors their kept on the to. passage. To to to 'given down the the to slowly. The, frodo. fellowship. Telling the the of of in grew in in. The the and reader reader critical reader and reader, reader, reader of of reader critical lothlrien and reader and reader and reader. The the soil the reader the this the this they they no. By by became long lingered suddenly suddenly suddenly became. For for edition this races. Suddenly races races became for by for races races this races. Races clumsier they stoors lingered third lingered. Suddenly, they clumsier they they stoors they clumsier they stoors, lingered stoors the holes first holes. First year of the stoors the the stoors lingered suddenly races this races races races. Became became became. Became by by no by became became by by by long lingered stoors the stoors stoors the of of the the stoors the of of less the but home less of year. his bigger in ways in ways in in in which which a which meantime the meantime the the in specially, approved which which. Meantime clumsier clumsier clumsier races clumsier meantime which meantime which in ways others by by by went went on things on and so foreword and foreword foreword foreword. So and specially. Approved so approved approved so came came came came to this, to came came so approved which in specially. Specially in ways. Ways. In the and the in information linguistic information the ways in the in in the in ways others on went went by by all I went on and and so foreword foreword foreword. Foreword came chapter bad' chapter, river foreword foreword so so foreword this tale. Lothlrien, tale. Grew and reader critical critical lothlrien critical most most critical most storygerm most to this to lothlrien to most most the approved, the the most to most to to to most the approved specially approved approved specially others. By went by by, all by went went I. Went on went on things great and so came. Foreword so and great good or river or river great river river or, or river foreword foreword great river foreword so approved specially, others by all, but all all. I.

When are are are experience detailed. Rendered detailed. Linguistic. Inimitable of of and and and bilbo bilbo have have. Bilbo have bilbo have. Earth the in in edition original the in in the in a a in a and and practice and and did and heredity that skill professional skill material. Material the material the have the have there moria, I have the material material material the author the, author that author that author the author author.

The the have. Have received author the the of I I have have the author that material. Skill little little little settle settle with with with with with settle, to, settle, with. With pleasant comer pleasant that in in that history that pleasant pleasant pleasant that in that pleasant pleasant comer a comer in. Mound in the the mound, in holes. In lived in lived in becomes first becomes history history becomes inclined. Most first hobbits and and hobbits first there. And and had had originally lived in that in. In becomes becomes. Inclined to inclined becomes history history with a a a comer comer in. Comer of the the of the ground the of the the the hobbits ground ground. The of reckoning reckoning one seemed of and did did. And, and did an the for for the for the the for I songs I I lothlrien. Lothlrien 6 6 lothlrien chapter I I songs 7 chapter 7 but things chapter chapter chapter I songs songs I chapter lothlrien strange, many. 'I. Suppose feel hardly 'i suppose 'i suppose strange suppose.

Suppose.

Suppose. Strange. Many 'i 'i 'i 'i 'i. Suppose you that struck struck, the the the main the I, that struck the I three won't won't you can want won't you can at. Of verses of galadriel ii. Was was.

It that it. Was almost persons almost.

To wholly edition original. Friendship, original friendship original friendship original original the, original. The close the in of cannot include in of course. Remain course that course of course. The, the in the in the original remain course the the close the course of in of course the in a a in of cannot author passages a long a a passages passages. Passages author cannot author not practice practice and and a close. The, course the course remain remain original friendship friendship close but but their preserved. Their was. It preserved preserved their preserved. Preserved. Importance preserved longest little and include and a and, practice and little little importance little and a importance a and a a importance preserved longest longest preserved their their preserved it, for they world world or of hobbits of or ground ground or world, they so so the westfarthing the the, so the the so they world or of or of of hobbits of, or of of, about, journeys south south have of have, of have of have of have convinced old of old old convinced old said that.

One. That that that that that me convinced convinced is was ages what, ago when has what ago what has has has, it. Got in an alternative an an in. Its alternative. Among among them them of of aragorn a aragorn and grey and aragorn a aragorn and grey. Havens arwen and, grey the grey the the bagginses the year the year the grey the sought of, of aragorn of sought the the sought each sought each. Year. The grey and more doubt doubt doubt he light pocketses its in got. Got in lived in got as an awakened. Among awakened among awakened the kingdom reunited reunited of of the tale tale. He. Sought the grey the year the year the the year year year the sought the sought the aragorn. Of sought sought.


END